     +--------------------------------------------------------------------+
     ¦                • MobaXterm Personal Edition v23.6 •                ¦
     ¦              (X server, SSH client and network tools)              ¦
     ¦                                                                    ¦
     ¦ ? Your computer drives are accessible through the /drives path     ¦
     ¦ ? Your DISPLAY is set to 10.110.81.51:0.0                          ¦
     ¦ ? When using SSH, your remote DISPLAY is automatically forwarded   ¦
     ¦ ? Your HOME folder is not persistent: it will be erased on restart ¦
     ¦ ? Each command status is specified by a special symbol (? or ?)    ¦
     ¦                                                                    ¦
     ¦ • Important:                                                       ¦
     ¦ This is MobaXterm Personal Edition. The Professional edition       ¦
     ¦ allows you to customize MobaXterm for your company: you can add    ¦
     ¦ your own logo, your parameters, your welcome message and generate  ¦
     ¦ either an MSI installation package or a portable executable.       ¦
     ¦ We can also modify MobaXterm or develop the plugins you need.      ¦
     ¦ For more information: https://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/download.html  ¦
     +--------------------------------------------------------------------+

 ? 24/01/2024 ? ? 15:24.39 ? ? /home/mobaxterm ? hudson.ka@login.discovery.neu.edu
hudson.ka@login.discovery.neu.edu: command not found


 ? 24/01/2024 ? ? 15:24.52 ? ? /home/mobaxterm ? ssh hudson.ka@login.discovery.neu.edu
hudson.ka@login.discovery.neu.edu's password:
Last login: Mon Jan 22 15:19:22 2024 from 10.110.214.114
+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| You're now connected to the Discovery cluster. Visit our  |
| website http://rc.northeastern.edu/support for links to   |
| our service catalog, documentation, training, and consul- |
| tations. You can also email us at rchelp@northeastern.edu |
| to generate a help ticket.                                |
|                                                           |
| The Research Computing Team                               |
+-----------------------------------------------------------+

[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ cd /scratch/
[hudson.ka@login-01 scratch]$ hudson.ka/
-bash: hudson.ka/: Is a directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 scratch]$ ls
a.aarif               ghoshal.n             manos.d               shekhawat.sh
a.aldana              ghosh.arp             manral.y              shelke.si
a.aljahdali           ghosh.ba              mansata.j             shen.da
a.amit                ghule.k               mansoor.d             sheng.f
aa.mohan              giardina.g            mansur.m              sheng.y
aa.mueller            giarrizzo.g           manthripragada.l      shen.haot
aappari               giaya.d               mantri.p              shen.jinj
a.arif                gibbons.s             manushi.f             shen.joy
aastha.c              gibo.g                mao.si                shen.jun
aatmesh               gidh.ak               mao.yic               shen.li1
a.balasubramanian     gidh.am               ma.peng               shen.lia
abascal.j             gigliotti.mi          ma.qiang              shen.mich
abbaiahreddy.v        gilbert.bre           ma.qiao               shen.minj
abbas.a               gilla.t               ma.ra                 shenoy.am
abbaskhanian.k        gilligan.s            maram.r               shen.sij
abbatessa.l           gill.joh              marasciullo.a         shen.xian
abbott.st             gilman.ty             marathe.s             shen.xin1
abdelaziz.a           gincley.b             marchese.ki           shen.xu
abdellatif.h          ginesin.j             marcotte.al           shen.yan
abdelmessih.r         ginkala.h             marcus.ellis          shen.you
abdelshafy.k          giri.ani              mardia.a              shen.yuzh
abdollahi.a           gite.m                marerprabhu.n         sheppard.v
abdollahinamin.a      gitomer.a             margolis.emm          sherafati.s
abdulrahman.r         gjura.l               mariana.levi          sheridan.eli
abdurahimov.j         g.kshirsagar          marianna.n            sherman.sam
a.beane               gladstone.ja          marin-thomson.j       sherpa.do
a.beaudette           glasman.n             mariona.s             sheshashayee.a
abedin.r              glass.ja              mark.co               sheth.ro
abedin.t              glaude.d              marker.o              shetty.ne
a.belden              gleason.st            marking.t             shetty.pa
abhi00                glover.co             marks.sh              shetty.shra
abhishek.f            glover.p              markworth.el          shetty.vid
abi-elias.a           g.mondragn            marni.b               shevchenko.s
abiodun.d             g.nansamba            marnoto.s             sh.guo
abouallaban.a         g.noubir              ma.robinson           shi.cheng
abouibrahim.a         gobena.e              marsella              shi.chenx
abraham.ez            gochiyev.a            marson.j              shields.m
abraham.g             godhwani.k            martel.s              shields.st
abrahamsen.b          goebel.r              martens.al            shi.ji
abreha.b              goel.ke               martens.ala           shi.jiao
abulu.o               goel.pi               martin.br             shi.jiaqi1
a.cattle              goel.tu               martin.conn           shi.jiaw
acevedo.i             goering.a             martinez.andy         shikalgar.s
a.chakravarty         goffin.m              martinez.jam          shi.ke
acharya.mr            goglichidze.s         martinez.s            shilcusky.a
achibiri.c            gohel.d               martin.lu             shimkonis.j
acilan.e              goh.se                martino.jo            shinde.as
a.cline               goindani.s            martin.ryan           shinde.ga
a.coskun              gojala.o              martin.sh             shinde.pr
acosta.d              gokhale.p             marufodasilva.m       shinde.so
acostavenegas.i       gokhale.sa            ma.rui                shin.jae
acquaye.g             golasangi.n           ma.ruiy               shinkle.t
ada.b                 golden.ma             marusyk.y             shin.lu
a.damota              goldfarb.la           marvin.altamia        shi.pi
adams.co              gold.j                maryzek.e             shi.pu
adams.jaim            goldsack.n            m.asadollahi          shi.qi
adams.julia           goldstein.be          mascarenhas.n         shirlekar.k
adams.mor             goldstein.d           mash.be               shirley.h
adaogomes.l           goldstein.da          mashettiwar.a         shi.suw
adapala.l             golesar.a             masic.d               shivakumar.su
adapa.p               goli.ane              ma.siji               shivdikar.k
adapa.y               gollamudi.s           mason.ka              shi.wei1
adari.g               golla.p               masoomi.a             shi.xinyi
ad.arora              gollapalli.k          massa.m               shi.yang
addanki.sa            gollapalliranganat.r  massaro.ma            shi.yujia
addison.t             gombar.ja             mastors.n             s.holtzen
adekoya.y             gomes.co              mastrangelo.j         shortall.a
adelani.k             gomes.lu              matapathi.b           shovmer.r
a.delatorreduran      gomezakerlund.p       matcha.s              showrirajan.s
a.demarco             gomez.c               mathaiyan.s           shravge.t
adepoju.st            gomez.ly              mathew.ama            shree.d
adesara.m             goncarovs.b           mathew.joh            shree.s
adeyemi.n             gong.an               mathieu.p             shrestha.cha
adiga.p               gong.co               mat.hill              shrestha.j
a.ding                gong.ruox             mathur.abh            shrestha.ka
a.dipani              gong.wei              mathur.ta             shrimal.a
adi.r                 gong.xun              ma.tian               shrimanker.j
adler.h               gongye.c              ma.tian2              shrivastava.al
ADMIN                 gong.yifa             ma.tianb              shrivastava.pi
adnan.mi              gong.ze               ma.tiburu             shrivastava.sa
a.dollard             gong.zek              matone.a              shuaib.y
adoube.l              gonzalez.ari          matta.sa              shuang
adrion.d              gonzalez.eme          mattaway.w            shugars.s
adsar.h               gonzalez.emil         mattela.s             shukla.ar
adsar.s               gonzalez.mario        matteo                shukla.ki
a.elekes              goodman.a             mattsson.c            shukla.ko
aerni.k               gooneratne.n          matzelle.m            shukla.pra
afeefi.j              gopalakrishnan.kr     matzker.s             shukla.ris
afeiguin              gopalakrishnan.s      maughan.w             shukla.su
a.fischbach           gopalakrishna.p       mau.miller            shun-yang.lee
afshari.e             gopal.p               maurer.al             shupp.a
a.gamarallage         goparaju.v            maurer.mi             shu.re
agarjn                gopathi.s             mauri.a               s.hussain
agarwal.bh            gopinath.n            maxabrahms            shu.yih
agarwal.rah           gopularam.s           ma.xiaol              shu.yue
agarwal.rin           gordon.ca             ma.xiaoy              shyam.s
agarwal.rishi         gordon.sh             ma.xu1                siala.h
agarwal.shrus         gordon.shay           mayavanshi.d          si.chen
agarwal.sus           gorey.s               mayner.n              sickinger.m
agbortoko.va          gorhe.p               ma.yunt               siddalingamurthy.s
aggarwal.ab           gorijavolu.h          ma.yuxia              siddiqui.w
aggarwal.kart         gorman.k              mazaiwana.t           siegel.i
agharabi.a            gosaliya.y            mazeau.e              siegel.r
agianifontalva.e      goswami.di            ma.zhiyu1             sieh.z
agilan.y              goswami.p             ma.zihan1             sikora.h
agnihotri.ak          goto-hardy.k          mbaeri.p              silva.jon
a.golestani           gottipati.n           m.behlmann            silver.da
agrawal.bi            gould.ai              mbkane                silver.r
agrawal.k             gouwar.j              mcadams.a             silver.w
agrawal.shau          gou.y                 mccabe.s              silvia.prina
a.guha                govertsen.k           mccann.c              simhadri.sn
aguiarortega.ve       govindasamy.n         mccann.d              simmons.ko
aguinaldo.d           gowaski.b             mccarthy.ia           simmons.t
agus.e                gowda.mo              mccarthy.ryan1        simonds.j
ahamed.s              gowda.var             mcclain.t             simonelli.le
a.hari                goyal.shr             mcclennen.g           sindher.o
a.haugg               g.petri               mccoart.l             sindoni.ni
ahmad.m               g.pierce              mccormack.ty          singh.abhish
ahmed.al              g.pillai              mccormick.ca          singh.aditya2
ahmed.dani            graber.j              mccray.v              singh.adityav
ahmed.ja              grace.cl              mccrea.l              singha.h
ahmed.saha            gracia.sa             mcdermott.as          singh.akar
ahmed.samir           grados.m              mcdonald.ju           singh.akash
ahmed.sy              graham.ca             mcdonnell.e           singhal.aak
a.hu                  grammatica.m          mcdonough.o           singhal.ap
ahuja.ga              grande.h              mcdougal.s            singhal.b
ahuja.h               grandhi.r             mcelearney.o          singhania.s
ai.me                 grant.z               mcenaney.s            singh.anki
aitken.n              gravel-pucillo.k      mcgowan.me            singharia.p
a.jamieson            gray.a                mcgrath.p             singh.arj
ajayi.l               gray.i                mcguigan.s            singh.arv
ajmera.me             gray.nic              mcguinness.m          singh.ashu
ajulu.c               greenberg.ar          mcguire.t             singh.ashut
a.jung                greene.h              mchale.b              singh.ch
ajunwa.c              greene.le             m.cheng               singh.gau
a.kamandula           greenfield.e          mcinerney.de          singh.gu
a.karimpour           green.jer             mcinerney.der         singh.jasm
a.karma               green.jes             mckee.ja              singh.kara
a.katebi              green.she             mckeever.c            singh.kavy
akbar.m               gregg.i               mckenzie.t            singh.krish
akbulut.n             greg.mcclellan        mckenzie.ty           singh.mri
akella.p              gregoriou.g           mckeown.k             singh.neha3
akeson.s              gretchen.ulrich       mcknight.ai           singh.nish
akhtar.su             griep.r               mckula.s              singh.niti
akhtar.y              grier.wi              mclaughlin.co         singh.rahu
akilby                griffin.jose          mcminn.m              singh.ria
akinci.m              griffiths.ja          mcmurtry.g            singh.risha
a.kinley              grimaldi.er           mcnally.e             singh.saum
akkihebbalprasanna.s  grima.p               mcnally.so            singh.shreya1
akligoh.h             grimes.c              mcnamee.i             singh.shub
akmandor.n            grimes.t              m.correa              singh.sona
akoh.n                grimm.wy              m.costa               singh.tara
a.koliousis           grindle.ri            mcveigh.k             singh.tej
a.krollenbrock        grinspan.n            m.davidovic           singh.var
akucyi                gritz.c               m.dehghani            singh.varun
akula.j               groff.d               mdemarzio             singh.vina
alali.m               groharing.b           m.demirtas            singhyadav.r
alam.b                grover.sak            m.dimodugno           singley.a
alam.z                grover.sh             meandro.b             singuru.p
a.lapedriza           grunfeld.n            mechem.r              sinha.va
alarmani.e            g.schirner            medeiros.j            s.intille
alashi.s              gshomo                mediboina.v           sioannidis
alawi.s               g.st-onge             medikonda.s           s.iriah
albano.b              g.stratis             medina.e              sirumalla.s
albers.j              g.taurino             medina.jam            sistla.a
alberski.a            guan.ha               medvedev.a            siu.p
albert.g              gudivada.a            meehan.em             sivakumar.kar
albert.i              guduru.g              meeker.sa             sivakumar.nit
albohasabullah.m      gu.em                 meglan.a              sivaram.a
alborzi.s             guerin.c              mehdizadeh.a          sivasankar.d
alborzisaeed          guerrero.ce           mehdizadehrahimi.a    sivasubramanian.s
albus.r               gu.fan                mehrabani.k           siwatch.m
aldahlawi.a           gugal.d               mehrabi.y             sj.sweeney
aldalati.ma           guglani.v             mehta.ansh1           s.julien
alegria.e             guida.do              mehta.ash             s.kaluziak
ale.harris            gujarathi.a           mehta.jin             s.kar
alemao.n              gu.jo                 mehta.jina            s.karthyk
alemdar.k             gujral.a              mehta.mana            skenderian.et
a.lerner              gujrathi.d            mehta.manth           skillin.a
ale.sa                gulati.p              mehta.mok             skinner.d
alessia.iancarelli    gulati.su             mehta.priya           s.knight
alexander.ak          guliyev.n             mehta.r               s.kovacs
alexander.q           gullapalli.v          mehta.raja            skrishna
alexander.st          gullett.j             mehta.rajat           s.lauterwasser
alexandris.s          gullipalli.ru         mehta.rat             slayback.d
alexanian.l           gumieniak.j           mehta.rusha           smalanskas.s
aley.c                gunashekar.r          mehta.ta              s.mardanya
al.figueroa           gunawan.d             mehta.tak             s.mawalagedara
alfnie                gundal.b              mehta.tap             smedemark-margulie.n
ali.abd               gundechia.d           mehta.vat             s.miryala
aliaga.s              gunderson.r           mehta.vats            smith.bar
alibotaiken.a         gundewar.a            mei.fa                smith.bro
alicemello            gundmi.s              meikle.ho             smith.cas
ali.fr                gungor.m              meisen.a              smith.casey
alighieri.b           gunjursuryaprakash.a  mei.xing              smith.cha
alimadadi.m           gunn.s                mekapati.a            smith.ell
ali.may               gunupati.g            melcer.d              smith.em
alinezhad.f           guo.a                 m.elcheikhali         smith.eric2
alkhalifa.kh          guo.ao1               mele.e                smith.hail
alkhalifa.sha         guo.cu                m.elkael              smith.ian1
al-khatib.y           guo.dan               mellado.l             smith.jac
allain.a              guo.fang              melodia               smith.kend
allen.j               guo.fu                m.elsherif            smith.krist
allen.jaco            guo.hon               memon.j               smith.samj
allen.je              guo.jiap              mendapara.s           smoragiewicz.t
allen.ji              guo.jiaya             mendes.bi             smucny.s
allen.jo              guo.men               mendez.r              smukund
allen.jov             guo.ni                mendoza.ed            smunoz
allen.ju              guo.r                 menezes.j             s.nguyen
allex.d               guo.ron               mengi.s               s.noble
alley.ja              guo.shansh            mengnu                soares.ni
allshouse             guo.we                meng.xiaoq            sobhy.b
alluri.p              guo.weij              meng.yi               sobrino.a
almaghrabi.r          guo.weir              meng.ze               socialepi
almahasher.r          guo.wen               meng.zic              sodemann.r
almashaan.a           guo.wenc              meng.zih              sodipo.s
almazan.e             guo.wenx              meng.zix              soens.n
almeida.lu            guo.yam               meng.ziy              soetopo.a
almeida.s             guo.yant              men.m                 sohal.si
alomayri.a            guo.yib               menon.ab              sohl.a
alonso.ma             guo.yu                meolite               soice.a
alqaraghuli.a         guo.yuting            merlis.a              sojitra.s
alrifai.a             guo.zha               merritt.ka            solanki.di
alrifaie.t            guo.zhen1             mesgarnejad           solanki.v
al-shawabka.a         gupta.aay             meskin.a              solek.n
alshawabkeh.r         gupta.abhi            m.espaa               solomon.sp
alshehhi.ab           gupta.aditi           messner.e             solorzano.an
alter.jo              gupta.aka             meszaros.v            soltani.n
altham.j              gupta.anik            methratta.l           somaiah.a
alt.s                 gupta.anm             meuse.m               somala.h
alvarado.ri           gupta.ap              m.everett             somalanka.j
alvarezduque.j        gupta.arj             meyers.m              somani.ro
alzaim.a              gupta.divy            meyer.z               somani.ru
am26900               gupta.mad             m.fuentes-cabrera     somashekhar.n
amajala.l             gupta.meh             mgeddes               somasundaram.si
amandawelsh           gupta.mit             m.gerdes              somasundaramsubbul.s
amante.m              gupta.mohi            m.goldstein           somasundar.t
a.manzanorodriguez    gupta.mr              m.handel              somoye.o
amara.a               gupta.naman           m.hatfield            sonani.h
amarnani.k            gupta.p               miao.a                sonawane.d
amarnani.r            gupta.pe              miao.s                song.boq
ambadi.r              gupta.praj            miao.ye               song.chut
ambasana.v            gupta.rites           miao.yus              song.ge2
ambre.v               gupta.sart            micalizzi.d           song.guan
ambrose.c             gupta.saumy           michaels.g            song.h
ambrosino.m           gupta.shes            michaels.p            song.hao1
ambrozie.m            gupta.shw             michal.aibin          song.haol
a.mccullough          gupta.sid             michalowsky.m         song.haoy
amelialu              gupta.sm              micheloni.e           song.jieh
amin.o                gupta.vansh2          michetti.g            song.lu1
amin.p                gupte.sn              micinski.a            song.mins
amin.su               gu.ra                 midha.d               song.xiny
amirabadi             gurav.te              miguel.p              song.yang3
amirault.ju           guria.s               mi.jain               song.yif
amiri.y               gurnani.ad            mikami.s              song.yue1
amirtharaj.f          gurnani.r             mikeshah              soni.ku
amit                  gurry.e               mikhail.oet           soni.lo
amit.das              gu.ru                 miklaucic.n           soni.pra
ammann.c              gurung.to             mikolajczyk.j         soni.raj
ammula.p              gusarova.k            milanlouei.s          soni.shiv
amod71                gu.si                 mileson.b             soni.shr
a.moffett             guski.m               millad.s              soni.va
a.mohamed             gu.su                 millancotto.h         sonoda.k
a.mohanan             gutgutia.u            millard.c             sontag.ch
a.monachino           gutha.m               miller                sood.ai
a.monge               gutierrez.jul         miller.a              sood.d
a.morgenthaler        gutman.j              miller.adam           sood.sah
ampofo.y              gu.yuh                miller.adam1          sood.shri
amueller              gu.yuze               miller.alexa          soo.m
amyleipei             guzman.me             miller.all            so.p
a.nagarajan           guzman.ty             miller.am             sorbino.n
a.nair                guzzi.v               miller.andrew         sortur.n
anakonda.s            g.wanes               miller.anne1          sorupaka.m
ananda.g              gwertzman.r           miller.be             sossavi.s
anand.ak              gwilt.c               miller.bra            soto.lu
anandaramanujam.h     g.woolley             miller.bre            soukaki.w
anand.de              gxrong                miller.bree           soukaki.y
anand.m               gyamfiatta.r          miller-breetz.wa      soutomaiormunizmo.b
anand.nik             haag.n                miller.brian1         souza.me
anand.nil             hackshaw.e            miller.brit           spahr.j
anand.u               haddad.no             miller-browne.v       sparacino.t
anand.vis             hadipour.s            miller.car            spasojevic.s
anantharamakrishn.sa  hady.j                miller.charle         spcornelius
ananthula.s           hadzic.t              miller.chri           specht.h
anas.f                haghighi.p            miller.cl             spector.jo
an.asthagiri          ha.hay                miller.dan            s.periaswamy
anbalagan.s           hahm.b                miller.daniel2        spicer.c
anchawale.m           h.ahsan               miller.dy             spiegel.h
andalib.p             haider.sy             miller.e              spikerman.a
andersen.g            hakeem.at             miller.elij           spooner.s
anderson.ale          hakim.bi              miller.eme            spreitzer.a
anderson.das          hall.er               miller.har            spring.a
anderson-song.q       hallinger.s           miller.hay            springer.l
anderson.w            hallit.e              miller.ian1           squatrito.j
anderton.j            hall.ni               miller.jam            s.rasouli
ande.s                halyur.s              miller.jare           s.ravindran
and.freeman           hamdan.h              miller.jo             s.ray
andrew.i              hamilton.jac          miller.john           s.ren
andrusyshyn.v         hamilton.mar          miller.john1          s.rezaei
a.neils               hammond.w             miller.jonath         sridhar.p
anesgart.a            hammoud.j             miller.jorda          sridhar.sri
an.freeman            hamrangsekachaee.mo   miller.josh           sridhar.srik
angelino.n            hamza_ahmed           miller.juli           sridhar.vai
anh.nguyen            hanbury.p             miller.justi          srikanth.anu
an.ho                 h.andleeb             miller.ka             srinivasa.a
anir.nair             handler.e             miller.kai            srinivasan.anu
aniyankunju.r         han.edw               miller.kath           srinivasan.j
anjum.a               han.fe                miller.krista         srinivasan.mani
anker.a               hangdeng              millerl               srinivasan.pra
ankireddy.a           hangen.f              miller.lau            srinivasan.sas
anklesaria.k          han.jial              miller.lee            srinivasan.sup
ank.patel             han.lin1              miller-lewis.t        srinivasan.sw
anlauff.b             han.mengk             miller.lis            srinivasan.t
annambhotla.m         han.sha               miller.lo             srinivasaraghavan.v
annapareddy.g         han.shang             miller.mat            srinivas.s
anna.s                hanson.lu             miller.matthe         sripathi.b
annasamudram.s        han.su                miller.matthew        srivastava.abh
annigeri.n            han.wa                miller.me             srivastava.anm
ansaldo.g             han.xinx              miller.mea            srivastava.as
ansariannezhadkhel.z  han.yang              miller.mich           srivastava.e
ansari.f              han.yang1             miller.mon            srivastava.is
ansaripour.r          han.yuh               miller.nich           srivastava.ri
an.te                 han.zha               miller.nicol          srivastava.sank
antham.s              han.zhuo1             miller.nicole         srivastava.sim
an.to                 hao.ju                miller.nin            srivastava.sri
an.ton                hao.l                 miller.on             srivastava.tan
antona.h              hao.le                miller.ow             srivirote.a
antonio.a             hao.p                 miller.p              s.robles
antony.a              hao.pe                miller.pe             srpruitt
antonycharles.a       hao.pei               miller.pea            s.samuroff
antos.k               hao.q                 miller.r              s.sekar
ant.wu                hao.sz                miller.rac            s.sevim
anugu.v               ha.p                  miller.rub            s.shandilya
anumandla.p           haque.s               miller.ry             s.shao
anupam.k              harati.t              miller.sav            s.sheldon
anuragb               harens.h              miller.sha            s.soltanpour
aoki.eth              haribalakrishnan.v    miller-smith.a        s.song
a.okullo              hariharakrishnan.u    miller.stephe         s.sridhar
a.onnis-hayden        harip.s               miller.su             s.summerfield
a.ovchinnikova        harkness.j            miller.te             s.sushmita
a.paul                harms.n               miller.the            s.sylvia
a.phadke              harrington.r          miller.tim            staada.v
a.piras               harrington.sea        miller.timo           stadtmauer.j
appana.a              harris.cel            miller.za             stahlhuth.th
aprile.jo             harris.jam            millette.k            stamaria.l
aquanaut1957          harrison.ka           mills.kr              stanhope.l
aradhya.a             harris.se             mills.mic             stapleton.a
arakanchiwolf.i       hartle.h              milner.de             starkman.s
aranipurshotham.p     hartley.me            milner.s              starns.c
arasan.a              hartman.a             milnes.n              statham-adams.a
arashanapalli.a       hartman.da            m.imani               stavola.a
a.ratnayake           harun.gunasekaran     m.inci                stecher.k
araujoascanio.m       hasan.mdm             mindymarks            steenstra.i
araujo.k              hasanzada.e           miner.b               steger-wilson.l
arava.r               haskell.am            mingwang.zhong        steilberg.j
aravind.hm            hassan.as             minutillo.o           steimel.l
arbolante.q           hassenberg.j          min.wu                stein.an
archbald.b            ha.sun                mirabelli.mi          steinberg.mi
arciprete.m           hausam.k              miranda.an            steinberg.w
arcotanand.s          hautala.t             mirchandani.n         stein.davi
ardila.s              hayati.l              mirchandani.ni        stepanyants.j
arents.m              hayden.ca             mirdamadi.n           stern.t
ar.gomez              hayes.ju              miriyala.su           steve.lustig
arguello.d            hayman.m              mirpuri.k             steven.lopez
argulkar.m            haynes.al             mirza.sal             stevens.emm
ariafar.s             hays.t                mishra.abhin          stevenson.as
arigela.r             hazari.a              mishra.anu            stevens.ta
arjmand.me            hazelton.m            mishra.g              st.flaherty
a.rodman              headley.k             mishra.ku             st.germain.ja
aron.stubbins         he.chr                mishra.prag           stine.p
arora.anusha          heeschen.e            mishra.sr             stisser.k
arora.es              hegarty.cl            mishra.vis            stites.s
arora.isha            hegde.nil             mistry.b              st.lawrence.m
arora.kar             hegde.praj            mistry.d              stoddard.k
arora.roh             hegde.shr             mistry.nish           stoev.b
a.rozza               hegefeld.h            mitchell.daw          stolberg.z
ar.ray                he.ha                 mitchell.rya          stone.rya
arriagagonzalez.l     he.haoyu1             mitra.ro              storms.t
arriaga.y             heidari.m             mittal.ank            stracensky.t
arsenault.le          heikal.m              mittal.nit            stratis.g
arseneau.ja           heilman.a             mittapalli.s          strazdus.m
ar.singh              heilman.al            mi.wan                strege.a
arumugam.y            he.jiac               miyani.d              strimling.z
arvind.an             he.jiaxi              mizuno.j              stringfellow.d
aryal.a               helbling.e            m.jaiswal             s.tripathi
ar.zhang              heleodoro.k           mjm0822               stuart.w
asadi.n               he.li1                m.joshi               stureborg.r
asadollahi.m          hemanadhan            m.kadek               subiono.j
asakawa.a             he.maxw               m.klimova             subramaniam.s
a.sathyanarayana      heminway.r            m.kollmer             subramanian.i
a.satpute             henderson.jes         m.kothakonda          subramanian.ka
a.savol               henderson.l           m.leeser              subramanian.kar
asbury.p              hendry.d              mlmiller              subramanian.shr
a.schoene             heng.b                m.lorange             su.ch
asgari.a              henkaline.a           m_ludwig              sudhakar.a
asghariesfeden.s      henriques.r           m.mahmoudabadbozch    sudhanva.s
a.shahidinejad        henry.c               m.milosevic           suesser.j
ashara.p              he.pin                m.minkara             su.gu
asharifkhani          he.qiy                m.moghadamfalahi      sugumarswamy.s
ashraf.mo             herbison.r            m.montoute            su.jia
asitimbay.k           herkert.c             m.nascimento          su.jian1
asjad.s               herlihy.da            m.nasseef             su.kang
a.sobrino             hernandez.alex        m.negro               sulaiman.f
asokan.h              hernandez.b           mochi.b               sulley.v
asri.m                hernandezbaeza.e      modi.di               sullivan.jona
a.stepanyants         hernandez.cri         modi.rah              sultan.a
asthagiri.a           hernandez.g           mody.sha              sultan.m
a.stone-peterson      hernandez.ga          moeinnajafabadi.j     sun.andr
a.suraj               hernandez.so          moffat.j              sun.andrew1
athale.m              herren.n              moffett.m             sun.ba
athanasiou.k          herring.m             moffitt.s             sun.bi
athanasopoulos.t      herrod.a              mogili.p              sundaramramasubram.a
athawale.a            he.sop                mohaddesi.s           sundaram.s
athinarayanan.r       hess.e                mohamed.ne            sundararajan.b
athreya.d             hester.jo             mohamed.z             sundararajan.d
athreya.p             he.wan1               mohammadalimarghi.y   sundararajan.sin
athuluri.su           he.wang               mohammad.ay           sundareshan.b
atkinson.da           he.xiao1              mohammadidinani.h     sundar.ha
atoselli              he.xinya              mohammad.ni           sundar.ve
atray.h               hexter.j              mohammadtaheri.s      sun.eric
atss00                he.yan2               mohammedgipson.h      sun.g
atwell.ka             heydari               mohammed.maz          sun.ga
atyam.s               he.yifa               mohammed.r            sung.b
augenbraun.n          he.yifan              mohammed.ru           sunger.e
augustine.je          he.yingn              mohammed.sam          sung.t
au.posch              he.yum                mohan.ap              sun.gua
a.urbinati            h.hafiz               mohan.kar             sun.har
avakyan.a             h.hegefeld            mohan.na              sun.hep
a.valenciaromero      h.hoffman             mohan.p               sunilkumar.v
a.venkateswaran       h.hussein             mohanrajeurs.p        sun.jiam
avotins.e             hibbert.e             mohan.va              sun.jianc
avraamides.e          hickman.d             moharrer.a            sun.jiu
avraham.n             hideakiyano           mohbe.r               sun.jo
avula.s               hidrovo               mohebbikalkhoran.h    sun.jos
avva.k                higger.ma             mohite.p              sunkari.s
awad.r                higgins.ann           mohit.y               sun.ke1
awan.z                higgins.me            mohsen                sun.mai
awate.r               higham.s              molaei.a              sun.mayl
aya.a                 hill.davi             molloy.o              sun.meng
ayejuyole.o           hillyard.j            monaco.ha             sun.mengyu
ayers.t               hilston.s             mon.ali               sunnam.r
ayite.a               him.c                 m.ondrechen           sun.pei
aykepati.r            hinck.s               mongillo.n            sun.qiang
ayoub.m               hindley.za            monson.c              sun.shao
ayushranawade         hindupur.v            monte.ma              sun.shib
azari.b               hines.j               montes_de_oca         sun.shih
azevedo.s             hines.ke              montesmcneil.a        sunshine_24
aziz.a                hiray.s               montoya.j             sun.shua
aziz.m                hire.t                moody.j               sun.shuan
azoulay.a             hishamudin.s          moore.ale             sun.siz
babu.l                hjdryu                moore.c               sun.su
bacskai.n             h.jiang               moore.dr              sun.teng
baday.s               h.ly                  moore.ez              sun.xinh
baddigam.h            h_melero              moore.n               sun.yili1
badgujar.ra           h.mosallaei           moore.wil             sun.yumi
badran.s              h.musdal              moore.z               sun.ze
bae.soo               hoare.b               moossa.m              sun.zew
bagano.t              ho.brian              mora.a                su.parker
bagdonas.l            hodge.se              morales.da            supersymmetry
bahatyrevich.v        hodges.m              moran.and             suranga
baideyan              hodsden.m             moran.max             surapaneni.v
baig.mi               hodys.c               morano.gi             suresh.ak
bai.hao               hoffman.j             morash.s              suresh.aks
bai.ho                hofmann.n             more.as               sureshkumar.a
bai.hua               hok.s                 more.na               suresh.l
baijal.a              holbrook.ot           more.prat             suresh.ra
bai.jian              holden.ai             more.priy             suresh.sr
bailard.s             holdsworth.i          morgan.hines1         suria.a
bailey.i              holie.m               morris.ch             suryavanshi.ku
bailey.s              holley.ju             morrison.mic          suryawanshi.na
baipaneni.s           holmes-mitchell.j     morrow.je             su.shao
baisero.a             h.olsen               morse.al              su.shetty
bais.p                homkrachae.s          morselligysi.d        susilo.p
bai.xiang             honda.t               morse.t               suslovich.e
bai.yan               hong.chen             morton.i              susman.d
bai.yue               hong.pan              moseley.k             sutar.s
bai.yuwe              hong.pe               motamedi.e            sutermeister.l
bajaj.ak              hooton.f              motha.i               suthar.p
bajaj.ki              hora.j                mothakapally.s        suttonnavarro.m
bajariya.k            horne.ra              mothi.m               su.wan
baker.bre             horowitz.g            mot.s                 su.wang
baker.sar             hosack.k              motwani.ja            su.wei-
bakht.s               hosahallinarayana.v   moulton.ab            suyamindra.a
bakr.d                hosamane.n            mourier.t             su.yao
baktay.j              hossain.m             movahedi.m            su.yuan
bakthavachalamjaya.v  hosseini.ha           moy.an                su.yuh
balaguer.j            ho.sun                moyer.g               su.yuyi
balakrishna.d         hotchandani.p         mo.yu                 s.valcourt
balakrishnan.sa       hough.k               mozinderboruah.a      s.vollmer
balamurugan.d         hou.jin               m.pavel               svscarpino
balani.a              hou.jinr              mpopescu              swaminathan.an
balasankar.s          hou.l                 mquinci               swaminathan.po
balasubramanian.a     hou.li                m.rafiee              swami.r
balasubramanian.aa    hou.lu                m.riedewald           swanhall.l
balasubramanian.sre   houman                mrinalsubash.f        swanson.b
balasuriya.t          hou.shiy              mrinmoy               s.wendelken
baldessari.d          housni.h              mri-user              swinimer.c
baldino.h             hou.ti                m.robaszkiewicz       s.winton
baldota.p             hou.tia               m.rocklage            switek.a
baldwin.ke            hou.xiny              mrowka.l              sy.a
baldwin.lu            hou.yuh               msachs                syed.g
balesano.l            hou.yun               m.sasani              sykes-macleod.s
balla.v               hou.yuto              m.sebekington         sysn.ravichandran
ball.m                hou.yuw               m.shanmugam           szczepaniuk.s
bal.n                 ho.va                 m.shepherd            szvetecz.s
bambha.m              howard.d              m.sherman             tabassum.a
b.amidei              howard.gr             m.suri                tabatabaeibalaei.f
bammidi.p             howell.o              m.tanrikut            tacettin.c
bamunuarachchi.v      howes.t               m.taslim              tadayon.s
bandari.a             howland.j             m.toutiaee            tadiparthi.s
bandarkar.p           hoyt.o                m.turkewitz           tadiyal.y
bandaru.di            h.pandit              muchuki.m             taduri.r
bandarupalli.l        h.pawar               mudaliar.g            taft.e
bandaru.said          hrinda.m              mudaliar.k            taghavi.mo
bandi.so              hristova.m            muh.ali               taghipouranvari.s
banerjee.as           hrzhang               muhtadi.f             tagliaferri.n
banerjee.se           h.sanhedrai           mui.b                 tahboub.h
banerjee.sup          h.sayre               muir.d                taherin.a
bangerter.e           h.shearer             mujumdar.p            tahir.w
banick.m              h.smith               mu.k                  tahlil.a
banijamali.s          hsu.ar                mukadum.f             tai.f
banou.s               hsu.shu               mukete.n              tajuddin.z
bansal.an             hsu.yuhs              mukherjee.sa          talakanti.s
bansal.ano            h.tu                  mukherjee.say         talameh.r
bansal.d              huang.am              mukherjee.sou         talaohu.s
bansal.ris            huang.ans             mukhopadhyay.a        talapaneni.p
bansal.rith           huang.av              mukundan.a            talesim
bansal.shu            huang.bo              mulachela.a           tallavajhula.s
bao.c                 huang.can             mulay.am              tamang.k
bao.han               huang.chien           mulbagal.a            tamara.e
bao.jo                huang.cui             mullen.pa             tambe.ani
bao.sic               huang.haoj            muller.al             tamer.c
bao.wei               huang.huix            muller.pa             tammineedi.s
bao.yifa              huang.huiy            mullin-bernstein.z    tammireddy.c
bao.yu                huang.jial            mullinix.r            tamweber.z
bao.yu1               huang.jiaqi           mummadi.s             tan.chao
bao.yuc               huang.jiayua          mummidivarapu.i       tandra.b
bao.yuh               huang.jie1            mundada.p             taneja.ri
barai.c               huang.joshu           mundhe.m              taneja.v
barai.k               huang.junx            mundlamuri.b          tang.chua
barajascervantes.a    huang.kai1            mundle.s              tang.n
baran.a               huang.kaid            mundy.e               tang.q
baratisedeh.h         huang.kaix            munghate.s            tangri.a
baratta.i             huang.kat             mung.v                tang.ruo
barbera.i             huang.liji            munnangi.m            tang.shu
barbhaya.r            huang.qiuy            munoz.m               tang.wa
barclay.h             huang.rui4            munshi.p              tang.wan
bargielski.a          huang.rui7            m.upmanyu             tang.xu
barik.su              huang.ruof            murali.ab             tang.yao2
baris.altunkaynak     huang.ruop            muralikrishnan.h      tang.yifa
barksdale.s           huang.shuc            murali.n              tang.yik
barmecha.a            huang.sib             murali.pr             tang.yiwe
barnsley.k            huang.siyu            murali.pri            tang.yuqi
barot.ab              huang.sun             murphy.au             ta.nh
barot.i               huang.ten             murphy.c              tan.hi
barous.e              huang.tingh           murphy.car            tan.jiaxi
barr.an               huang.tingha          murphy.cath           tanna.a
barrera.l             huang.weiche          murphy.chr            tan.pe
barrett.t             huang.x               murphy.cia            tansey.a
barrierecastellon.a   huang.xiang           murphy.co             tan.t
barron.p              huang.xiangl          murphy.conn           tan.xin
barry.jo              huang.xiao2           murphy.er             tan.zih
bartomeugarcia.c      huang.xiaof           murphy.sav            tao.chenx
baruah.t              huang.xiaox           murphy.shane1         tao.shuoc
barve.r               huang.xiaoyua         murray.am             tao.ti
barve.s               huang.xin4            murray.jack           tao.yis
barzilay.k            huang.xina            murthy.ma             tao.z
basangoudar.a         huang.xinb            murugananthan.n       tapera.t
bashan.n              huang.xingg           murugan.vid           tapp.c
bashit.a              huang.xingyu          murugesan.m           taqieddin.a
ba.singh              huang.xingyu1         murugesan.p           tarannum.s
baskaran.d            huang.xinj            musalada.r            tarasia.dev
baskaran.sha          huang.xinl            musler.a              tarik.gouhier
baskar.v              huang.xinr            musunoori.m           tarte.s
bassett.ka            huang.xinx            muteba.j              ta.singh
bassi.r               huang.xua             mutha.t               taskazan.b
basu.de               huang.xuan            muther.r              tatineni.g
basu.e                huang.xum             muthukumar.h          tatli.a
basuroy.r             huang.xun             muthukumar.i          tattersfield.h
basutkar.n            huang.yi1             muthuraman.a          tatz.j
bath.d                huang.yih             muthuswamy.a          tavakhsh.s
bathini.r             huang.yihe            muthyala.s            tavakoli.s
batra.me              huang.yij             mutlu.f               tavakoli.se
batte.t               huang.yiji            mutluri.h             taxali.a
battula.na            huang.yili            m.wagy                tay.l
bayaquob.o            huang.yimin           m.wanunu              taylor.dar
bayati.m              huang.yingy           m.wilczek             taylor.he
bay.c                 huang.yiq             m.wolf                taylor.i
bazzaz.ma             huang.yiqia           m.yahyavi             taylor.jenni
b.ball                huang.yis             myarossi              taylor.m
b.batorsky            huang.yish            mylar.pr              tazin.a
b.clauss              huang.yishu           myrthil.n             t.bickmore
b.damico              huang.yit             m.zaka                t.carpenito
b.davaji              huang.yix             m.zolotas             t.crnovrsanin
bean.c                huang.yixi            nachimuthu.d          t.d
beane.l               huang.yize            nadakuduru.j          teakmudi.s
beane.m               huang.yizh            nadeau.m              tedunjaiye.o
bean.kr               huang.yuche           nadeau.ma             teeda.k
bean.me               huang.yuk             nadimpilli.s          tehranimoayyed.m
beans.k               huang.yuz             nadipelly.d           teich.ju
beattie.k             huang.zes             nadkarni.aa           tekumalla.sa
beatty.sa             huang.zhif            naeem.z               tekwani.n
beaulieu.ja           hua.v                 nagalamadik.s         telagamsetty.a
beauzile.h            hua.yi                nagar.a               telang.s
becker.ca             hua.yih               nagar.y               telgaonkar.k
becker.mel            hubelbank.r           nagendrakumar.a       telkar.r
beckert.b             hu.boce               nagraj.v              tellez.re
becker-wheeler.k      hu.chun               nag.su                tembhurne.t
beckman.je            hu.dan                nahas.n               temkerlakshminaray.t
beckwith.l            huddar.p              nahata.h              temple.ja
bedi.m                hu.des                naik.gaya             teng.hu
beecy.s               hu.di1                naik.nam              teng.pe
behuniak.b            hudson.ka             naik.nav              tenney.c
beighley              hu.fa                 naik.neh              tenpas.a
bektursunova.a        huffman.r             naik.ro               teo.an
belaguppamanjunath.a  hughes.annab          naik.roh              teotia.d
belden.a              hu.gua                naik.sa               terdalkar.s
belden.c              hu.haot               naim.i                terzioglu.y
belete.m              hui.mac               nair.abhi             testa.an
belgiovine.m          hu.jianw              nair.as               testa.mi
bellary.s             hu.jiny               nair.at               testolina.p
bellas.al             hull.am               nair.ka               tewari.v
bell.cou              hu.mingj              nair.pra              tezcan.b
belmonte.c            hu.minx               nair.pranav           thai.d
belsare.s             hung.ku               nair.ro               thai.ng
belyaev.l             hung.t                naishuler.a           thakare.r
bemanaboina.r         hunter.davi           najafli.a             t.hakioglu
benavidez.a           hunter.s              na.ji                 thakkar.bh
benazzi.m             huo.li                nakka.sa              thakkar.dhv
bender.ame            hussain.n             nalawade.s            thakkar.k
bender.ri             hussain.soe           nallabolu.v           thakkar.tan
bende.s               hussein.aw            nallaguntla.h         thakker.k
bendicho.r            hutchinson.e          nallapati.s           thakker.shi
benedetti.s           hutchinson.i          namana.n              thakor.j
benjamin.h            hutchinson.j          namburu.sr            thakur.neh
benson.cla            hutchinson.kat        namdeo.a              thakur.rh
benson.p              hutchinson.l          namubiru.p            thakur.s
bentahar.s            hutchinson.p          namwira.m             thakur.san
bercik.s              hutchinson.ri         nance.je              thakur.shi
bergan.n              hu.weiy               nandgaonkar.ap        thakur.shiv
berger.ale            hu.xin1               nandhakumar.a         thali.a
berger.jo             hu.xinl               nandi.s               thamalapakula.p
bergman.m             hu.xinto              nandish.d             thamilchelvan.a
berman.ed             hu.yex                nandi.u               thammareddy.s
bernardoalfonso.b     hu.yina               nandivada.s           thandapral.j
bernaski.a            hu.yize               nandula.l             thandu.t
bernhardt.j           huynh.t               nanduri.j             thapachhetry.b
berrak.a              hu.zhe                nanduri.k             thapa.n
beslic.i              hu.zhenh              nandwani.h            tharp.ka
bessette.e            hu.zhenya             nan.e                 thattakunnil.s
b.fulton              hwang.jo              nani.k                thelusma.a
b.ghosh               hwang.jun             nannapaneni.s         t_henry
b.gonzalez            hwang.l               nanovic.a             theodor.a
bhachawat.y           hwang.t               napawan.t             thewedros.n
bhadricha.z           h.weibley             napier.j              thiagarajan.as
bhagat.t              hymson.s              narahari.ha           thibault.je
bhagat.ve             h.zhuang              narahari.s            thiebaut.m
bhalla.pr             i.ahmad               narasimhamurthy.g     thiha.s
bhalla.v              i.anudeepkumarreddy   narasimhan.d          thi.n
bhalla.va             ibanez.f              narayanaswamy.a       thippusuldan.s
bhalla.var            ibrahimli.r           narayanaswamy.d       thirandas.s
bhalla.y              ibrahim.s             narayan.si            thirandas.sa
bhalshankar.ka        idasilva              nardella.am           thirukonda.s
bhandari.p            iginla.l              narinsky.e            thiyyagura.n
bhanushali.ma         igortn                narkthong.n           thocur
bhanushali.meet       i.ilies               n.arnold              thomas.andr
bhanushali.mi         ilami.a               nashik.s              thomas.gr
bhanushali.r          ilegbusi.a            naskar.j              thomas.jud
bhanwadiya.a          ilfeld.e              nason.e               thomas.kell
bharadwaj.ash         imam.f                nasri.m               thomas.nico
bharadwaj.ni          imchen.s              nassiwa.f             thomas.sh
bharadwaj.shr         im.h                  n.atallah             thomas.th
bharadwajvaidyanat.k  imke.reimers          natarajan.de          thomas.wahl
bharadwaj.vi          imtiaz.t              natarajan.go          thombre.s
bharat.t              inan.m                natarajan.sa          thompson.jani
bhardwaj.di           inavolu.a             nataraj.k             thompson.r
bhashetty.a           indore.k              natesh.p              thorat.ga
bhaskaran.p           indoria.r             nathaniel.t           thorat.shu
bhaskar.r             indrawati.d           nath.ay               thotakura.s
bhat.am               indukuri.r            navarroroby.f         t.hou
bhatane.r             ingerick.j            navato.a              throckmorton.c
bhat.ar               inger.j               n.avish               t.hsieh
bhatia.au             ingham.d              nayak.as              t.hsu
bhatia.ni             ingraham.e            nayak.d               thulasidass.v
bhati.r               innocenti.t           nazarian.s            thwin.k
bhatnagar.ana         ioannidis.e           nbeauch1              tian.chu
bhattacharya.o        ipser.k               n.beaver              tian.fangy
bhatt.ak              iqbal.ha              ndayishimiye.o        tian.jiah
bhatta.sh             iqbal.su              ndimakis              tian.pe
bhatt.n               irandoust.s           ndrianasy.r           tian.ruj
b.hawkins             irving.b              neal.ja               tian.ruy
bheda.f               isaacson.d            neal.pa               tian.ti
bhimani.j             isakov.a              neamtu.a              tian.zih
bhingaradia.j         isenhart.b            neathawk.d            tibbitts.g
bhingradiya.k         ishwarya.n            nedell.j              tiburu.m
bhogal.k              islam.m               neelakantan.s         tidd.c
bhogi.k               islam.mdta            neeraj.r              tie.f
bhoite.a              islam.mo              negi.k                tierney.f
bhora.y               islam.sy              nehru.a               tiliakos.t
bhosale.ak            israr.i               neilson.r             tilton.ca
bhosle.m              issak.a               nekui.f               timilsina.ra
bhowmick.a            ithier.c              nelapatla.s           timsina.n
bhuma.p               i.treves              nemade.d              tinney.e
bhuptani.n            ivahalacheva          nemec.o               tirado.l
bhuva.a               ivanov.di             nene.r                tirrell.c
bian.jin              i.votsis              ness.m                tirumalaraju.p
bian.xu               i.vynichaki           nethi.m               tirumalareddy.s
bian.z                iwase.m               neuman.k              titmuss.f
bicer.y               iyengar.p             neupane.g             titus.an
bi.chen               iyengar.s             neuwirth.j            tiwari
bichewar.y            iyer.ka               neuzma                tiwari.h
bidap.a               iyer.raj              neville.o             tiwari.ks
bigman.j              iyer.ris              newman.c              tiwari.som
bi.joseph             izadkhah.h            newman.ross           t.ketchem
bikhazi.g             jabalameli.m          n.ferdows             t.lazovich
bilash.s              jabbireddy.h          ng.a                  t.lyons
bi.liu                ja.burns              ngan.k                t.ma
bilsel.e              jackson.kyl           ngchaukevin           t.matherly
bindela.p             jacob.al              ng.chu                t.morrill
bindra.p              jacob.an              ngernkuakul.p         tmullen
bingham-maas.l        jacob.joan            ng.hi                 tobunluepop.k
binney.c              jacobs.re             n.gillani             todankar.s
binning.s             jacob.t               ng.nich               todd.er
biradar.sh            jacob.to              ngo.n                 todorov.i
birari.pr             jacobvarughese.s      ng.st                 tohidian.f
bisberg.a             jadhao.s              nguyen.andrew         toh.o
biscaia.e             jadhav.d              nguyen.anh21          toivonen.am
bisht.r               jadhav.ke             nguyen.aud            tojaga.m
bissonnette.n         jadhav.mak            nguyen.brian          tokoi.y
biswakarma.j          jadhav.n              nguyen.dani           tomar.y
biswas.anu            jadhav.shr            nguyen.dant           tomaschek.m
biza.o                jadhav.sus            nguyen.dat1           tomasi.a
b.jayee               jaeggli               nguyen.don            tomasleal.a
b.keefe-oatesthomas   jaejuko               nguyen.duca           tombreur
bkoethe               jafari.a              nguyen.duon           tomovski.f
b.kubit               jafarzanjani.s        nguyen.duong          tonduru.k
blais.ch              jagadeesh.v           nguyen.duy2           tong.el
blake.ga              jagannath.a           nguyen.duye           tong.jiaw
blancasruiz.z         jagithyala.l          nguyen.hai1           tong.jiax
blankenship.a         jag.madison           nguyen.hal            tong.yi
blauvelt.d            jagtani.a             nguyen.hun            ton.v
blazina.j             jagtap.h              nguyen.huy3           toral.l
b.lind                j.aguirreplans        nguyen.jenn           torop.m
blondet.m             jain.aashk            nguyen.jenni          torreaoebraz.a
blount.m              jain.abhil            nguyen.jul            torre.ju
bluhm.sa              jain.anki             nguyen.jus            torres.co
b.mcgrath             jain.anshu            nguyen.ke             tortolani.m
b.mui                 jain.aryan1           nguyen.khoa           torvi.s
b.nelson              jain.ayush            nguyen.nguy           totala.k
bn.gross              jain.har              nguyen.phu1           toth.e
bobbitt.t             jain.he               nguyen.steve          t.ou
bobrow.j              jain.ka               nguyen.thaom          tourk.f
bock.n                jain.madh             nguyen.thien          tovah.day
bodar.n               jain.meh              nguyen.thima          towner.j
bodet.d               jain.musk             nguyen.thimai         townsend.di
bodke.s               jain.nama             nguyen.thy1           toyoko
bogdanenko.a          jain.nan              nguyen.thy2           tpadir
boggarapu.d           jain.palla            nguyen.trungh         tpmorris89
bohlke.j              jain.prag             nguyen.viv            tran.anh
bohmagostini.n        jain.roh              nguyen.vy4            tran.emi
bohora.a              jain.samyak4          nguyen.y              tran.hoan1
bokade.r              jain.sar              nguyen.ye             tran.jam
bokinkere.v           jain.shiv             nguyen.yl             tran.nguye
bokka.n               jain.son              n.hall                tran.pho
bolduc.je             jain.t                niane.s               tran.phuon
bolling.k             jain.ta               niceberg.a            tran.phuong
boll.m                jain.tar              nichenametla.v        tran.t
bolognesi.s           jaint.d               nicholas.a            tran.thang
bolt.d                jain.vaish            nickel.h              tran.thid
bommakanti.sr         jain.van              nickerson.na          tran.tin
bommareddy.n          jain.varun            nidadavolu.sa         tran.tran
bommisetty.a          jaiswal.aa            nie.an                trauger.m
bonde.d               jaiswal.abh           nie.f                 travieso.k
bond.rob              jaiswal.h             nigam.sh              trazino.j
bone.j                jaiswal.sh            nijampurkar.y         treese.j
bongalonta.i          ja.kirby              nikam.ma              trehan.g
boni.la               jakkampudi.m          nikam.sh              trepte.h
bonkuri.s             jaladi.sr             nikbear               triandafellos.s
boqian.y              jalaparthi.e          niknejad.s            trice.k
borhanidarian.p       jalla.s               niknia.f              tricoire.th
borkar.j              jamiels9              nikolla.a             tripathi.an
borts.a               jami.n                nilajagi.a            tripathi.sam
bose.a                janakiraman.r         nilov.k               tripathy.ad
both.c                jangam.ai             nilsson.k             trivedi.ana
botica.c              jang.l                ning.ha               trivedi.dh
bouabid.a             jani.av               ning.xi               trivedi.har
bouanani.y            janjua.i              nippani.a             trivedi.kau
boucard.c             jannali.a             nir.j                 tr.miller
bouchereau.h          jansun.r              nirwani.s             troitskii.d
bouley.an             janwillem             nisher.r              t.rudenko
bourdeau.ar           janyani.h             nithyakumar.p         trumble.j
bouwmeesters.e        jaranson.r            nitsure.r             truskey.s
bower.anj             jarnagin.z            nittala.d             trytten.e
bower.du              ja.shanahan           niu.lin               t.sachleben
boyd.em               j.aslam               niu.r                 tsai.e
boyd.r                jasoriya.s            niu.ze                tsai.min
boyer.t               jaswal.a              ni.ya                 tsai.ra
boyko.d               jatkar.d              njifacknkenfack.e     tsai.yut
bozkurt.a             jatoi.m               n.khumalo             tsampazi.m
bponemon              jauclair              n.minutillo           t.sarica
b.post                javadi.e              noel.a                tse.s
bracco.c              javadli.a             noffsinger.k          tso.chi
brady.al              javan.la              nokelainen.j          tsour.s
brady.ry              javvadhi.p            nong.h                tsou.t
brahmbhatt.pr         javvaji.m             nong.j                tsrats
brain.b               jayachandran.r        noor.f                tsui.st
bramhall.t            jayanavaraju.k        norton.julia          ttg224
brandicourt.i         jayaprakash.a         norton.l              t.tholeti
brandon.w             jayarajajri.s         n.otero               tu.a
brasket.c             jayarambharadwaj.k    noubir.a              tubbs.c
brathwaite.l          jaykumardharamdasa.p  nougaret.j            tucker.r
bravandi              jayne.s               nouraei.f             tufekci.z
breen.d               jay.park              novak.a               tu.jin
bremmer.e             jayyosi.a             novielli.a            tully.mo
brems.b               j.bell                nowicki.a             tulsulkar.k
brennan.bl            jbkhan                noyes.he              tumakuruputtanna.v
brennan.wi            j.blazek              n.pearlmutter         tummala.m
breslauer-friedman.m  j.booher              n.peterman            tummapudi.m
brewer.an             jcalsavage            n.pinkhover           tuncel.k
brewer.k              j.cao                 n.post                tunda.m
bridgers.a            jcbean1               n.raustad             tunney.b
briem.s               j.cooke               n.ravichandran        turco.j
briesacb              j.dana                n.rui                 turhal.e
brister.w             j.dy                  n.singh               turner.chr
brock.l               jean-baptiste.p       nslavov               turner.lu
brogan.t              jeans.m               n.srinivasan          turner.sea
brooks.ch             jefftian              nukala.h              turow.b
brown.ashle           jennifer.bowen        nukala.si             tusuzian.e
brown.conn            jennings.ha           nukala.sre            tutkun.a
brown.daw             jennings.p            nukovic.a             tu.tra
brown.ell             jennings.t            nurtayev.t            tuttle.er
brown.emma2           jensen.sam            nuthanapati.v         tuttle.k
brown.jac             jensen.stev           nutter.n              tutuianu.g
brown.ken             jentis.g              nvanalfen             tuzik.c
brown.nia1            jeong.mi              n.vandale             tweedell.a
brown.noah            jeon.sum              nwakamma.m            twitchell.b
brown.ph              jerome.e              nyagahene.j           tyagi.j
brown.sho             jerome.el             nye.b                 tyagi.ka
br.taylor             jerome.r              nyoni.n               tyagi.ni
brubaker.t            jettinghoff.r         n.zhang               tyagi.sa
bruce.maxwell         jevanandem.d          o.abawonse            tyler.j
bruggeman.r           j.falcn               oak.sa                tzhori.i
brungi.a              jflanders             o.ayansola            tzhouneu
brunkhorst.a          j.guo                 o.batishchev          tziavelis.n
bruss.l               jhala.d               obeid.j               u.ahmad
b.siles               jhang.e               obrien.ama            udayabhaskar.h
b.tasker              jhaveri.pa            obrien.da             udayagiriraghunath.b
b.teixeira            jhenzy                obrien.dan            udayakumar.de
btyukodi              jheredia              obrien.f              u.demir
bubna.k               jhhalverson           obrien.ju             u.hodeghatta
buchireddy.s          jiabe.chen            obrien.jul            u.hoitash
buck.co               jia.da                obuckley.r            ullal.m
budhram.d             jiaf.chen             o.camps               ulrich
budner.m              jiahez                o.casimiro            ulrich.g
bugulu.s              jia.ka                ochoa.a               ulrich.ro
bui.thi               jia.ming              oconnor.mar           ulrich.z
bui.thuy              jiancheng             o_c_ozdemir           ulusan.a
bui.tu                jiang.am              o.daramola            underkoffler.c
bullister.d           jiang.hongy           o.deng                underwood.t
bulusu.v              jiang.jac             odom.h                undrakonda.p
bundt.j               jiang.jun             odonnell.gre          union.j
bunn.c                jiang.l               odonovan.an           unnikrishnan.a
burack.l              jiang.qi1             oehling.j             unnikrishnan.d
burade.s              jiang.qix             o.eshera              unom.h
burgess.em            jiang.qu              o.f                   unpingco.b
burgess.l             jiang.sam             o.faleye              upadhyay.ja
burgio.a              jiang.shan            ofer.i                upadhyay.mr
burke.e               jiang.shang           offord.e              upadhyay.pr
burke.emily1          jiang.shuo            ofshtein.a            upadhyay.ra
burla.v               jiang.shur            ohara.and             upadhyay.v
burman.sa             jiang.si              ohare.n               uppal.aru
burnham.al            jiang.so              ohearn.b              urbach.a
burns.da              jiang.xiaom           ohene.s               urbanski.j
burns.p               jiang.ya              oh.jeo                urlam.s
burns.pe              jiang.yal             ojeda.m               urmi.t
burrington.c          jiang.yank            ojuba.e               u.seitz
burson.n              jiang.yao             oke.d                 usmanova.z
burugu.s              jiang.yaq             olatunbosun.o         usman.s
busse.j               jiang.yiy             oldefendt.l           utama.r
bussink.w             jiang.yiyan           olety.p               uuxyzuu
butler.ja             jiang.yu4             olis.w                uvaydov.d
butler.li             jiang.zhen            olius-oliphar.d       u.wegst
butler.ph             jiang.zif             oliveiratavareslim.a  uy.s
b.waterbury           jiang.zo              oller.hal             vachhani.v
byju.s                jian.j                olson.cor             vadapalli.h
byrd.c                jianqiub              olson.ja              vadapalli.sr
byrne.i               jian.t                ombach.h              vaddadi.s
byrne.li              jiao.li               o.miller              vaddevalli.p
byrnes.k              jia.wa                omoruyi.he            vaddi.r
byronw                jia.yim               om.pe                 vaden.h
b.zubillagaherrera    jia.yiz               oneil.co              vadiraja.ro
ca.anderson           ji.can                oneil.st              vadi.v
cabella.m             ji.fa                 oner.a                vadnais.c
ca.bosco              ji.helen              onol.a                vadodaria.e
cabral.ki             ji.ho                 onos.k                vaduvoorsrinivasan.b
caceres.an            jikaihua              onyejiaka.n           vaghela.t
caefer.j              ji.m                  oppong.jo             vaidya.a
caesar.d              jinbopan              optsnav1              vaidya.ad
caglar                jingb.li              o.r                   vaidya.ak
cai.jian              jingke.weng           orezhdo               vaidya.saur
cai.jiny              jing.we               origanti.c            vainqueur.b
cai.min               jing.yua              orozco.a              vaish.a
cai.qian              jin.hong              orret.s               vakkanthula.r
cai.shib              jinn.k                orsley.k              valas.c
caivano.m             jin.qin               ortiz.ali             valente.l
cai.xiaoj             ji.nu                 ortiz.an              valente.sar
cai.xu                jin.xis               ortiz-buchanan.a      valenti.j
cai.xue               jin.yush              ortiz.jh              valentin.s
cai.ziyu              jin.zhan              ortiz.s               valipour.m
calatrava.h           jin.zhiy              oseghali.o            valiuddin.h
calder.o              ji.park               oshea.i               vallarapu.s
calderon.li           ji.xi                 o.soufan              valletojeiro.a
caldwell.ka           j.jones               ostapenko.j           vallookaran.n
calvaresi.n           j.krumsiek            ost.l                 vanam.b
camato                j.laats               osullivan.l           vandeuren.a
cambi.c               j.leshin              oswal.h               vankralingen.t
campbell.de           j.lesko               otero.n               vanmeter.j
campbell.r            j_lewis               ou.li                 vantipuli.a
campbell.w            jlheureux             ouyang.sh             vanvoorhis.a
canfield.j            j.lipton              ou.yo                 varadarajan.h
cannon.wi             j.lown                o.veliche             varadharajanl.r
cantave.t             j.lowrey              owen.je               varakala.a
cantosroman.x         j.mako                owens.ja              varakala.l
cao.bo                j.manjourides         owusu.ke              vargas.an
cao.i                 jmarks                oza.da                varghese.b
cao.min               j.mccleary            oza.kh                varivoda.d
cao.nin               j.mcdevitt            oza.vi                varma.a
cao.q                 j.mcguire             ozbay.b               varma.ak
cao.se                jmiller314            ozbilen.z             varma.tu
cao.xinw              jmjornet              ozcan.g               varshney.ad
cao.yangf             jmoakes               ozdenizci.o           varshney.p
cao.yiy               j.morales             ozek.b                vartgess.c
cao.yu                j.murel               pabari.v              vasani.d
cao.yu2               jmwarner              pabbaraju.b           vasani.sh
cao.yuan1             j.mwaura              pachava.g             vasan.k
cao.yuc               j.naskar              pachigolla.r          vasepalli.s
cao.yuj               joassaint.c           pachipala.b           vasilenka.h
cao.yun1              jodhani.d             pacion.n              vasishtshankar.s
cao.yuq               johl.z                packard.ja            vassilakis.g
cao.yus               john.ferrier          packer.mo             vasudevan.h
cao.yux               johnsen.l             packirisamy.i         vatherley
cao.zhix              johns.mo              padale.k              vats.saa
capobianco.s          johnson.ha            padalkar.sh           vavilala.v
carabelaian.l         johnson.lau           padhee.s              vayner.s
card.m                johnson.mic           padmagirisan.t        vaze.b
care.a                johnson.tak           padmanabhan.v         v.dasswain
carey.bri             johnston.cha          page.nic              vedantam.v
carifio.j             jo.kaslander          pagidi.k              veeraraghavan.j
carlisle.h            jolychock.j           pagrani.d             veeravalli.j
carlton.j             jones.aly             pai.di                veerkumar.v
carmelsalhi           jones.ant             paili.v               veillette.k
carney.k              jones.con             pai.ni                vejar.e
carolan.d             jones.dak             pai.pra               velasquez.z
caron.m               jones.kyle            pai.ru                velloresuresh.n
carpenito.t           jones.l               pak.jo                velmurugan.s
carr.an               jones.yu              pakzadmanesh.m        velyunskiy.m
cartaya.c             jong.s                paladiya.g            vempati.sr
cartelli.w            jonnalagaddaanjani.d  palande.s             vemula.a
carter.b              jonnavithula.u        pal.as                vemula.p
carter.g              jonson.t              palau.p               vemulapalli.n
carusso               jonwgt75              palav.e               vemuri.so
casale.s              jordan_theriault      paliganoff.s          venkata
casarino.a            jortberg.e            palit.i               venkatachalam.s
casavant.e            j.ortega              paliwal.j             venkatakrishnan.sh
casey.ann             joseph.al             pal.k                 venkatapathy.a
casey.na              joseph.alv            palkar.a              venkataswami.m
casilli.n             josephdepasquale      palle.a               venkatesan.ai
caso.n                joseph.s              palle.h               venkatesan.j
cassano.f             joshi.ape             pallempati.s          venkateshgowdaprat.l
cassidy.z             joshi.at              palle.ro              venkatesh.ma
cassiere.j            joshi.dim             palle.sr              venkatesh.ni
castaneda.f           joshi.ked             pallipadikrishna.s    venkatesh.s
castello.a            joshi.keta            palmer.b              venkateshwaran.a
castillo.mat          joshi.rus             palmieri.j            venkatkswamy
castro.c              joshi.shreya1         palthey-glomeau.s     venugopalbalamurug.l
castro.ed             jos.rodriguez         palve.a               verghese.t
castro.je             jotwani.g             pamidimukkala.h       verma.g
castro.jes            jovanovic.l           pammivenugopal.g      verma.lu
cataldo.an            joy.a                 pamulapati.v          verma.ra
catalina.s            joyis.a               panahi.a              verma.shi
cauteruccio.d         joyner.m              panahi.aidin          vernetcrua.a
cavaliere.a           j.park                panakanahallisomas.p  viard.d
cavazos.c             jrmona2               panaparambil.v        vibhute.a
cavdar.b              j.robinson            panavas.l             vidaurre.r
cavender.a            j.rodriguez           pan.boy               viduneth
cazares.l             j.runge               panchal.as            vieira.n
cazer.k               j.sefcikova           panchal.dhruv         vieljeux.s
c.bryant              j.selwyn              panchal.hard          viereck.u
c.byers               j.sheldon             panchal.j             vijayakumar.ap
c.caranica            j.shin                panchal.ma            vijayakumar.vig
c.carrillo            j.spector             panchal.ne            vijayanagar.s
cccbauer              j.spillane            panchal.shi           vijaykumbhar.m
c.clementelopez       jss234                pancholi.sa           vij.v
c.cogen               j.stowell             pancoast.c            vikramsha.v
c.copos               j.talbot              panda.is              vikrant.a
c.crasto              j.tian                pande.sha             vilardi.k
c.dimarzio            j.tsai                pandey.aka            villadelgado.m
c.dunne               juang.c               pandey.m              villalobos.j
ceballosarroyo.a      ju.cho                pandey.pa             villanueva.a
c.elarde              julakanti.s           pandey.pan            villanueva-galarza.n
celestin.ca           jul.chen              pandey.rish           vincent.k
celik.b               julio.l               pandey.risha          vineetthomas
cen.y                 jullman               pandey.sim            vineis.j
c.eroglu              juluri.s              pandi.s               vinod.d
c.ferris              jung.jayh             pandkar.a             vippaturi.s
c.franke              jung.yoo              pandraju.s            viradiya.vi
cha.c                 jurcisin.c            pandya.a              viravalli.s
chackorajan.s         jurss.j               pandya.aa             virdi.j
chadha.she            justin.grosz          pandya.ab             vishalvijay.n
chae.h                juvekar.a             pandya.kus            vishnoi.k
chahal.e              jx.huang              pandya.ma             vishnumolakala.a
chaisiri.p            jydavidow             pandya.mi             viswanadha.s
chakraborti.m         j.young               pandya.r              vittum.t
chakraborty.de        kaalay.a              pandya.sne            vivekv
chakraborty.po        kabali.p              pandya.t              v.kothalawala
chakravarthy.su       ka.bassett            paneri.k              vladimirova.a
chakravarty.s         kabra.pa              panghanti.s           vladisha
chalicheemala.u       kadam.ma              pang.liy              v.mishra
challagonda.m         kadam.pr              pan.hs                vo.ant
challa.ri             kadam.pra             pan.jam               voce.n
challa.sai            kadioglu.b            pan.je                vodopivec.a
chalnick.m            kagliwal.s            panjwani.n            voitalov.i
chamarthy.s           ka.higgins            panko.j               vo.k
chamas.m              kaila.m               pan.minz              volafsson
chambers.d            kai_wang              panos.a               volkova.a
chan.a                kaja.s                panta.b               vollmer.m
chan.ani              kakadiya.a            pantangi.m            vo.ma
chand.a               kakarla.s             pant.ari              vonahnen.w
chandan.r             kakka.h               pantazopoulos.a       vonderlinden.h
chander.p             kalavadia.a           panthena.r            vonjena.z
ch.anderson           kalbande.a            pantiledes.n          vonkessel.g
chandra               kalita.s              pant.s                vootla.s
chandra.b             kalita.si             panwala.m             vo.quyn
chandra.ja            kalkanli.b            panwar.y              vora.ha
chandrakanth.j        kallapur.shi          pan.we                vora.ma
chandrakumar.s        kalliny.m             pan.x                 vora.man
chandra.shal          kalluri.da            pan.xue               vora.mu
chandrashekaraiah.r   kalmbach.p            pan.zhan              vora.par
chandrashekarappa.s   kalola.d              pan.zih               vordonis.t
chandrashekhar.s      kalra.c               pappas.p              vosburg.d
chanesquivel.s        kaltashov.a           pappu.r               vosloo.s
chang.ann             kalyan.sr             paradazambrano.a      vo.trieu
chan.gar              kamaleshkumar.d       parakoyi.a            v.pavlu
chang.arn             kamal.n               parashar.pr           v.phaltankar
chang.benh            kamarthi.s            parashar.v            vremenko.d
chang.bin             kamata.j              parazin.b             v.schoenmueller
chang.ei              kamath.c              pardeshi.pr           vshevchenko
chang.haor            kamath.n              parekh.ak             v.toledanolaredo
chang.lia             kambhamettu.s         parekh.an             vu.k
chang.pet             kambham.j             parekh.ani            vu.min
chang.r               kamble.s              parekh.jain           vundrakonda.b
chang.ro              kamel.n               parekh.je             vungarala.s
chang.sun             kamidi.m              parekh.p              vuppalanchi.s
chang.tin             kamis.b               parente.a             vuppala.s
chang.yue             kamran.k              parfentyeva.m         vuppala.sr
changzapata.m         kamsani.pr            parihar.d             vu.tim
channabasavarajend.s  kamuene.j             parija.p              vutukuri.g
chao.chu              kamuni.s              parikh.al             vu.y
chao.hu               kanahasabai.g         parikh.i              vyas.aas
chao.o                kanalina.l            parikh.khu            vyas.ja
chao.th               kandalaft.f           parikh.nis            vyas.k
chapados.n            kandalkar.a           parikh.shar           vyas.ka
chapala.l             kandambeth.r          parikh.v              vyas.ki
chapman.w             kandampadath.s        parimi.tu             vyas.ko
chapman.zo            kandasamy.k           parisi.el             vyas.mit
chasia.g              kandru.b              parkar.d              vyas.ve
chathankandy.a        kandukuri.p           parkar.s              v.zappi
chatterjee.ay         kandukuri.sr          park.chri             wachowiak.a
chatterjee.pa         kandula.a             parker.ja             wadhwa.e
chatterjee.pr         kanduri.n             parker.jac            wadhwa.s
chattoraj.a           kane.ala              parker.lo             wadkar.d
chaturvedi.a          kane.ka               parker.n              waghbakriwala.a
chaturvedi.re         kaneriya.a            park.hyer             wagh.sak
chaudhari.ak          kaneshiro.ai          park.jungy            wagh.v
chaudhari.nit         kang.do               park.jus              wagulde.s
chaudhari.r           kang.jung             park.sunky            wai.f
chaudhari.vr          kang.min              park.yuj              waite.m
chaudhary.g           kang.sung             parmar.mal            waja.g
chaudhary.shi         kang.xin              parmenter.n           wakefield.b
chauhan.b             kang.yon              parrish.c             walak.k
chauhan.dhr           kanku.d               parsons.f             walia.ay
chauhan.ha            kanneganti.r          partenza.g            walia.pu
chauhan.ku            kanoje.h              paruchuri.sr          walker.cha
chauhan.shi           kansara.p             parvareshrizi.a       walker.mi
chaurasia.y           kantorow.j            pa.s                  wallace.wi
chaure.v              kanukollu.m           pasam.s               walle.w
cha.v                 kapadiya.r            pascucci.j            wallmann.g
chavali.d             kapile.m              pasqualini.m          walsh.ci
chavan.o              kaplan.d              pastolero.a           walsh.h
chavan.pr             kaplan.l              pasupuleti.a          walsh.jac
chavan.sar            kapoor.aks            patallapalli.s        walsh.la
chavan.soh            kapoor.an             patam.c               walsh.p
chavan.sw             kapoor.ani            patankar.h            walsh.rya
chavin.r              karadenes.e           patanwala.r           walter.c
chavva.l              karailakshmipathy.k   patel.adit            walz.s
chawda.n              karamchandani.s       patel.akash           wan.a
chawla.bh             karani.r              patel.anan            wanderleydossantos.d
chay.p                karavas.b             patel.ankita          wandile.a
checco.i              kar.d                 patel.aryam           wanes.g
che.ji                karia.d               patel.as              wang.andy1
che.jin               karjol.s              patel.avi2            wang.anq
chelamkuri.v          karkera.t             patel.avni            wang.anqi1
chen.alb              karlinsky             patel.ayus            wang.anz
chenaramchowdary.d    karnam.b              patel.ayush           wang.ba
chen.bai1             karotu.s              patel.ayushj          wang.bangn
chen.baim             karra.v               patel.chin            wang.bin
chen.bij              karthyk.s             patel.daks            wang.bing2
chen.chaom            karuturi.g            patel.darshi          wang.bingr
chen.cheng            kashyap.ma            patel.devin1          wang.binq
chen.chon             kashyap.sh            patel.dharmee         wang.bo2
chen.chuany           kasireddy.a           patel.heli            wang.boyi
chen.con              kassu.m               patel.himal           wang.chang1
chen.danl             kasunsamarasinghe     patel.hiren           wang.changi
chen.daw              kataoka.b             patel.hirenk          wang.changy
chen.etha             katariya.y            patel.hirenm          wang.changz
chen.fan1             kate.sa               patel.kavy            wang.chao4
cheng.carm            kathios.n             patel.kevins          wang.chena
cheng.fu              kathiresan.g          patel.keyur1          wang.chenh
cheng.hai             katsumi               patel.khushiu         wang.chi1
cheng.hao             katta.p               patel.krishnan        wang.ching
cheng.hao1            katt.s                patel.krishnar        wang.chuan
cheng.jial            katz.jo               patel.kushdh          wang.chuha
cheng.peic            kaufmann.t            patel.lo              wang.chun
cheng.peir            kaufman.ri            patel.manana          wang.chun3
chen.guangh           kaufold.b             patel.manu            wang.chun4
chen.guofu            kaul.h                patel.maya2           wang.chunq
cheng.wa              kaur.g                patel.meetd           wang.chunx
cheng.yo              kaur.gun              patel.meeth           wang.chuq
cheng.yue             kaur.gur              patel.mila            wang.chuxi
cheng.yue1            kaur.harma            patel.mohit           wang.chuxu
cheng.zhi1            kaushik.mi            patel.nay             wang.dail
chen.hanw             kaushik.ro            patel.nishils         wang.danie
chen.hanz             kaushik.var           patel.pankti          wang.dian
chen.hao6             kaveti.p              patel.preya           wang.emily6
chen.haote            kawano                patel.prim            wang.guanb
chen.har              kaya.y                patel.purvi           wang.han2
chen.harr             kaza.d                patel.rajvi           wang.haoro
chen.heng1            kaza.s                patel.rish            wang.he5
chen.hongw            kazeminajafabadi.a    patel.riya1           wang.huan
chen.hongy            k.bemis               patel.s               wang.hui1
chen.hongyu           k.c                   patel.sachi1          wang.huij
chen.hsie             k.chandra             patel.salo            wang.huizi
chen.hungwe           k.chheda              patel.samt            wang.jian1
chen.janel            k.chuah               patel.san             wang.jiann
chen.jiame            k.church              patel.sap             wang.jie2
chen.jiaq             kc.l                  patel.sarin           wang.jieyi
chen.jiar             kc.s                  patel.sarthk          wang.jing11
chen.jiawei1          k.dang                patel.saum            wang.jing9
chen.jingx            k.dezawadzki          patel.sava            wang.jingc
chen.jingyi1          k.doran               patel.shac            wang.jingj
chen.jinyu            k.drobnis             patel.shai            wang.jinyu2
chen.joh              keadey.w              patel.shail           wang.jun2
chen.jonat            keane.c               patel.shail2          wang.jun3
chen.junj             keating.sh            patel.shaiv           wang.junfe
chen.junjie           ke.bi                 patel.shash           wang.junji
chen.kail             ke.chan               patel.she             wang.junjie
chen.kevin2           kedharnath.s          patel.shiva           wang.junre
chen.keyu2            kedia.ay              patel.shivam          wang.junru
chen.lan1             keeley.jo             patel.shivam2         wang.junya
chen.lid              keesara.s             patel.shivam3         wang.junyi
chen.linh             kees.j                patel.shivani2        wang.junyi1
chen.linha            ke.hej                patel.shra            wang.junyu
chen.longy            keil.c                patel.shrey3          wang.kai1
chen.lul              keiser.k              patel.shreya1         wang.kaic
chen.luo1             keister.e             patel.shrin           wang.kathl
chen.ming1            keith.da              patel.shru            wang.keq
chen.mingha           keith.jo              patel.shrutih         wang.le1
chennakeshava.s       ke.jun                patel.shub            wang.leon.yao
chen.peng1            ke.l                  patel.si              wang.ley
chen.qiaoj            kelestemur.t          patel.sid             wang.li4
chen.qil              kelkar.s              patel.sidd            wang.lichu
chen.qingzh           kelle.d               patel.sme             wang.liyi
chen.ry               kellett.r             patel.smee            wang.lu5
chen.sherm            kellner.o             patel.smit            wang.mengyua
chen.ship             kelly.anni            patel.sn              wang.mian1
chen.shuju            kelly.bro             patel.suc             wang.mux
chen.sij              kelly.jes             patel.sun             wang.muxin
chen.siqi2            kemistry              patel.suna            wang.naiw
chen.siyang           kempertapia.m         patel.swee            wang.nan
chen.sizh             kempisty.s            patel.swet            wang.peiq
chen.sizhi            ke.na                 patel.sweta           wang.peiqi
chen.sto              kenkare.g             patel.tejal           wang.peiwe
chen.tianc            kennedy.nik           patel.vatsal1         wang.peix
chen.weiji            kennedy.ra            patel.vidhic          wang.peixi
chen.weiyu1           kentml19              patel.vinit           wang.qianr
chen.wenz             ken.wong              patel.vrud            wang.qianw
chen.xi10             kenyon.cha            patel.vrund           wang.qingj
chen.xi11             keramati.m            patel.vrunda2         wang.qis
chen.xiang            kercher.e             patel.yash2           wang.qiud
chen.xiaoyi           kern.jo               patel.yashm           wang.qiyu
chen.xingl            kerrigan.d            pate.s                wang.ran
chen.xingyu1          kerwick.a             pates.e               wang.rongc
chen.xiy              kesavan.n             patgaonkar.a          wang.rui1
chen.xuan4            keshishian.n          pathak.ad             wang.rui3
chen.yae              keskar.c              pathak.anj            wang.rui4
chen.yao4             k.esslinger           pathak.as             wang.rui5
chen.ye2              k.gajjar              pathak.m              wang.ruic
chen.yibo             k.ghannam             pathak.part           wang.ruif
chen.yifan            k.greene              pathak.sah            wang.ruiha
chen.yifu             khadgi.ja             pathangay.s           wang.ruihu
chen.yiming2          khadka.s              pathan.k              wang.ruim
chen.yinghu           khafif.h              pathil.e              wang.ruimi
chen.yish             khalil.c              pathirage-don.k       wang.ruis
chen.yiwe             khalil.h              pathirakankanamge.l   wang.ruiso
chen.yixia            khalili.f             patial.p              wang.ruit
chen.yongx            khalili.r             patil.adwa            wang.ruixi
chen.yu5              khalil.noh            patil.anan            wang.ruiy
chen.yu6              khalil.nor            patil.cha             wang.run
chen.yujia            khamesra.a            patil.dhru            wang.ruoxi4
chen.zey              khamhoung.s           patil.ke              wang.shen3
chen.zhao1            khan.ab               patil.min             wang.sheng1
chen.zhenm            khan.abb              patil.ron             wang.shihl
chen.zhir             khandaker.r           patil.shreya          wang.shiso
chen.zhongw           khandelwal.ci         patil.shru            wang.shum
chen.zian             khandelwal.mr         patil.sum             wang.shuo4
chen.zif              khandelwal.pu         patino.d              wang.shuoc
chen.zihan            khandelwal.sa         patnam.s              wang.shuot
chen.zili             khandelwal.sag        patne.s               wang.shuya
chen.zixu             khandelwal.sar        patodi.a              wang.siy
chen.ziyi             khan.i                patole.p              wang.siyua
chen.ziyi2            khan.mira             patrapandabelliapp.l  wang.siyuan1
cheranthian.s         khan.moha             patra.sn              wang.te
cherian.rh            khan.muhammadsa       patterson.ar          wang.tengj
chernikova.a          khanna.an             paul.el               wang.tiansu
c.herren              khanna.me             paul.i                wang.tingzh
cherry.ja             khanna.sa             paul.r                wang.tongx
cherubino.an          khan.saad             paulsen.ri            wang.wa
cherukuri.ne          khan.saad1            pavlovic.l            wang.wanj
cherukuri.s           khan.sad              pawar.ar              wang.wei6
cheung.jaso           khanvilkar.s          pawar.hr              wang.weijia2
cheung.jenn           khan.you              pawar.m               wang.weijin
cheung.n              khan.za               pawar.ma              wang.weiyu2
cheung.sam            khan.zu               pawar.prath           wang.wenh
cheung.ti             khaophuthai.p         pawar.prav            wang.wenqin
chevalier.n           khare.aks             pax.m                 wang.xiang2
che.y                 kharote.a             payackapan.n          wang.xiao3
che.yu                kharwar.p             payne.n               wang.xiaofa
chhabra.sh            khatiwada.a           payson.n              wang.xinr
chhatpar.p            khatri.mai            pazare.a              wang.xinru
chheda.am             khatri.s              p.bloom               wang.xinwa
chiang.and            khattar.j             p.cui                 wang.xu2
chiang.c              kh.do                 p.dennedy-frank       wang.xuanh
chiang.ji             khetan.s              p.desnoyers           wang.xuanw
chichioco.m           k.hicks               p.dimilla             wang.xueh
chidura.p             khilavdiya.s          p.dwadasi             wang.xuey
chien.cha             khinvasara.s          pearce.n              wang.xueyi
chi.k                 kh.joshi              pearlman.b            wang.xuf
chikatipalli.t        khlebas.a             pearson.mad           wang.xuny
chikkanachettiyarv.v  khodabandeh.m         pechdimaljian.c       wang.yaha
chillara.m            khodaei.m             pecze.d               wang.yan6
chilton.b             khodaei.ma            peddyreddy.n          wang.yanch
chin.da               khodke.i              pederiva.s            wang.yanchao
ching.ki              khokle.t              peipauj               wang.yanchu
chiniforooshan.i      kholostova.m          peirce.jo             wang.yanda
chin.lo               khopade.s             pei.ya                wang.yao2
chinn.d               khoperia.a            pelenitsyn.a          wang.yaof
chin.shi              khorrami.h            peluso.d              wang.yaozh
chintala.a            khouri.e              pemmasani.b           wang.ye7
chintalacharuvu.s     khoury.l              pender.n              wang.yichen
chintalamanoj.a       k.hoyt                pendru.v              wang.yicheng2
chintala.v            khuba.r               peng.hsi              wang.yifan25
chintanippu.v         khurana.k             peng.lu               wang.yiming6
chintapalli.p         khurana.p             peng.mu               wang.yinan3
chintha.d             khwaja.f              peng.weih             wang.yinan4
chioffi.d             kiefer.li             peng.xian             wang.ying7
chippa.r              kierulf.b             peng.yis              wang.yinso
chirumamilla.n        kierzenka.m           peng.yue1             wang.yiron
chitha.a              kiesman.h             peng.yunf             wang.yiw
chitnis.a             ki.kennedy            peng.zh               wang.yiwei
chitrapu.m            kilgallen.k           penikelapati.sm       wang.yixuan2
chitreddy.a           kim.aar               penmesta.n            wang.yixuan3
chittineni.m          kimball.j             penna.s               wang.yixuan4
chitty.a              kimball.mad           pennington.f          wang.yiyin
chitwadgi.r           kimball.mar           pennington.je         wang.yiyu
chiu.w                kim.bums              penn.ju               wang.yizhou
chiu.wei-chi          kim.gu                pepdjonovic.l         wang.yuanh
chivatam.l            kim.hanm              peram.p               wang.yue11
chi.yuh               kim.hyo               pereira.c             wang.yuhan4
chi.yun               kim.jinhy             perezduenas.p         wang.yujia1
chockalingamveerap.n  kim.jou               perez-gerus.m         wang.yuton
choi.d                kim.kyuh              pereztetuan.j         wang.yutong
choi.f                kim.lu                perkins.d             wang.yuxua
choi.sh               kim.luca              perkins.g             wang.zee
choi.sunw             kim.pau               perko.m               wang.zeh
choi.wu               kimpton.i             perretta.j            wang.zeya
cho.ja                kim.seok              perrier.jo            wang.zha
cholera.n             kim.sunk              perritt.b             wang.zhan
chong.b               kim.tim               perumalla.p           wang.zhao4
chopada.h             kim.youngja           peruri.v              wang.zhaox
chotirmall.r          kim.z                 perz.k                wang.zhengyi
choube.a              kinare.m              petelski.a            wang.zhit
choudavaram.d         king.jo               peter.r               wang.zhoup
choudhari.pr          kini.ak               peterson.mark         wang.zi3
choudhary.ro          kinias.t              petrasova.d           wang.zife
choudhury.rak         kini.sn               petrushkevich.s       wang.zilin
chouhan.p             kinkoue-poufong.n     petruzzelli.a         wang.ziling3
chourasiya.a          kinsella.e            peura.j               wang.zim
chowdhari.d           kirchner.c            pfaff.m               wang.zixua
chowdhury.al          kirkpatrick.c         pfeifffaggi.c         wang.zixuan3
chowdhury.b           kirkup.c              p.garrard             wang.ziyao1
chowdhury.rah         kishorepuria.kr       p.ghosh               wang.ziyi10
cho.wi                kishorkumar.m         phalkun.n             wang.ziyu1
christian.ch          k.joisher             phaltankar.v          wang.ziyue1
christian.ke          kkirwa                pham.am               wang.ziyun1
christie.a            kkoseug               pham.anh              wang.zunq
christowilson         k.krishnan            pham.dy               wan.hongy
chukwuedo.j           k.labrou              pham.joh              wani.ak
chu.liu               klamar.s              pham.l                wan.mi
chundailthodi.a       klee.d                pham.nha              wannur.s
chunduri.e            klein.br              pham.trun             wan.xiny
chunduri.r            kleinmann.a           phan.ch               wan.zih
chung.jiy             klein.se              phan.la               waple.e
chung.wan             klink.i               phan.minh2            waqar.m
chun.j                k.lopez               phanratanamongkol.p   ward.aim
chu.tan               klykova.i             phan.vy               ward.kelly1
chu.ye                k.mcdonald            phatak.n              waring.k
chwe.h                k.morrison            phaterpekar.a         warren.ma
cicero.j              km.s                  phibbs.m              warrier.h
cid.b                 knecht.el             philbrown             warsen.a
cieslewicz.b          kneuman               phillips.ka           washburn.e
ciriello.a            knorr.d               phillips.ky           washo.j
cirillo.p             kobe.k                philpott.em           wasilewski.m
c.jeffery             koblensky.s           phipps-costin.l       wasserman.da
c.jernigan            kocanaogullari.a      phipps.k              watson.jac
c.jia                 kodeboina.s           photowala.d           watson.ky
clark.eli1            kode.j                pianka.r              watson.sa
clarke.se             kodipunjula.v         piasecki.an           watters.f
c.lary                koduri.k              piattelli.k           watt.s
cline.t               koduru.m              piazza.b              wa.wang
c.mcmillan            koduru.sa             pichetpinyo.n         wawer.k
cmcox007              koduru.ve             pickman.b             w.claster
c.noyes               koechlin.d            piekenbrock.m         w.dickens
coachfan9             koehler.e             pierce.cai            webb.ch
codden.c              koenig.ko             pierre.p              webber.ka
cofone.s              koenig.l              pike.aid              webb.may
coghlan.k             kogosov.a             pillay.e              webb.z
cohen.emil            kohler.c              pimentel.p            weerasekara.s
cohen.ra              kohler.d              pinckney.d            wei.f
cohen.sk              kohler.m              pincus.k              weigl.a
colaco.e              kohrt.e               pineda.m              wei.guo
colao.t               koid.a                pinnamaraju.a         wei.hao
coleman.ke            kokal.u               pinto.an              wei.hao1
cole.sy               kokkaly.n             pioch.t               wei.hu
collins.ro            kokkula.m             pipaliya.b            wei.lim
comas.a               kokku.r               piperno.b             weilingliu1990
comasmassague.a       kok.o                 piquet.m              wei.ming
comeau.e              koladiya.p            pirkhan.m             wei.qil
comer.c               kolanu.k              pirtle.m              wei.shao
conahan.j             kolanu.p              pishehvar.a           weissgold.j
concannon.e           kolesnik.j            piskunov.m            weiss.ma
conde.a               kolev.s               pitsch.d              wei.tianru
condry.a              kolhatkar.k           pitt.n                wei.wei
cong.r                kolhe.a               pius.a                weixie2018
conner.n              kolla.a               p.kulkarni            wei.xiny
connolly.ev           kolla.j               plage.j               wei.xinyi1
connolly.rog          kolli.r               plange.v              wei.yig
consoli.c             kolungade.s           p.lanka               wei.yihan
conte.ca              kommineni.c           pleumpanupat.w        wei.yiw
conti.r               kompally.p            plew.p                weiy.li
conway.t              konapur.s             ploch.m               wei.zhih
cookis.t              kondabolu.s           p.loui                wei.zhon
cook.jam              konda.sa              plummer.n             welch.is
cooper.daw            kondaveeti.sr         pluss.k               we.li
cooper.e              kondejkar.t           p.manolios            welsh.j
cooper.ga             kondiboyina.v         p.mittal              weng.g
cooper.sab            kondrakunta.r         p.nagare              weng.ka
coppola.q             kong.ling             p.nath                wenhua
corey.ka              kong.s                p.nepal               wen.n
corfman.j             kong.zhe              poddar.j              wentz.m
cortese.b             konkol.j              podeti.n              wenwen.l
cortesf               konuk.d               podgurski.ma          wen.yih
coscarella.m          kopczynski.a          podolsky.h            wesley.b
cosentino.ma          kopel.j               podsvirova.s          westby.s
cosgrove.am           korada.g              pogalnaveen.s         westerbeke.m
cosic.t               koramati.a            poggio.s              westfall.d
costacandia.s         koranne.r             pogrebitskiy.d        westgroup.DELETE_ME
costa.em              kordorwu.v            pohl.m                weston.m
costanzo.b            korrapati.v           polesemi              wetherbee.l
costarendon.b         kortuem.m             polewaczyk.m          wgatterbauer
cote-lheureux.a       korutla.r             polito.la             whaley.r
cotsonas.a            kosiborod.b           ponnana.s             w.hapuarachchigedona
cotter.br             kos.m                 poojary.t             wharton.h
cottrell.k            kota.mo               poon.a                whitcomb.s
coulther.t            kota.sha              poonadahallyshivad.p  white.do
courtney.c            kota.sn               poonati.y             white.jame
cowan.chl             kotha.a               poorbahrami.k         white.n
cowing.a              kothari.dhr           popovic.s             whitford
cox.sa                kothari.ka            poreddy.a             wiatric.i
coyne.k               kothari.n             posch.au              wicke.s
cp.a                  kothari.sar           postler.v             widmer.s
c.pugne-andenoro      koti.a                postlewaite.a         widocki.u
crabb.j               kotikalapudi.k        poston.e              wieser.k
craciun.j             kotla.si              potakey.a             wijesundara.c
craig.b               kotsaninis.c          potapov.n             wikar.j
craig.car             koukoulas.h           pothamsetti.t         wilker.h
craven.p              kovvali.k             potharaju.a           wilkinson-grant.m
crawley.t             kowshik.a             pothireddy.y          willemsen.a
crescas.c             koye.v                potluri.sas           williams.abi
cressey.m             ko.yu                 potluri.v             williams.alexan
criedl                k.petrovic            potter.mi             williams.cart
c.riggio              kpieper               potter.v              williams.ga
c.robinson            k.pontbriand          potts.c               williams.mar
cronin.b              k.psallidas           potts.k               williams.matthe
crosby-lizarde.r      k.qiao                poulsen.j             williams.mi
croshier.m            kramer.alex           powell.co             williams.sa
crotty.ke             kraunelis.j           powell.han            williams.sera
crowder.d             kresina.t             powell.matt           williams.th
cruger.j              krishna.g             powell.z              willinger.t
crumpton.m            krishnamoorthy.a      power.em              willse.i
cruse.r               krishnamoorthysrin.s  powers.dan            wilson.conn
cruz.da               krishnamurthy.sur     powers.tr             wi.lynch
c.salguero            krishnan.ana          p.pandeya             winguth.c
c.sandovalolascoaga   krishnan.anan         p.parsinejad          winiarski.d
c.simian              krishnan.ki           prabhu.h              winicki.n
c.t                   krishnan.man          prabhu.sa             winston-bailey.g
c.takacs              krishnanvenkat.p      prabhu.sha            winter.ga
c.tan                 krishnaprasad.m       prabhu.shag           wisecarver.a
c.theokary            krishna.ra            prabhu.v              wise.g
c.thoreson            krishnareddy.t        prachandiajain.s      wiseman.h
cuchacovich.g         krishna.sh            pradhan.aa            wiser.e
cui.han               kristen.allison       pradhan.o             wisniewski-jensen.a
cui.i                 krithivas.j           pradhan.suy           wisniowiecki.s
cui.jiah              kroell.m              pradip.k              witten.e
cui.jian              krolik.j              prajapati.de          wittrock.s
cui.jie               kroot.c               prajapati.mi          wlodychak.s
cui.tian              kroshilina.a          prajapati.s           wong.brandon
cui.wenq              kruegle.l             prakhar.k             wong.co
cui.xiangyu           kryder.k              prasad.g              wong.et
cui.xin3              krylova.a             prashanth.a           wong.h
cui.yaj               krymskaya.a           prashar.a             wong.john
cui.yan1              k.sfrintzeri          p.rastogi             wong.ko
cui.yua               kshatriya.a           pratap.me             wong.mich
cujidutan.d           kshirsagar.a          pratapneni.s          wong.mo
culver.e              kshirsagar.ki         p.ratilal             wong.vic
cuneo.e               k.song                predrag               woodger.b
cuong.n               k.sung                preko.a               wood.jacq
curielalmonte.y       kuang.lia             previlon.f            woodring.jo
curran.chr            kubatin.n             price.l               woolford.e
curtis.ch             kucheria.t            price.liam            wo.y
curtis.lei            kudupudi.n            price.lin             wozny.c
curto.b               kuehnapfel.c          prideaux.k            w.peck
c.vundru              kuelker.a             priest.s              wright.lu
c.westlin             kuga.c                principe.m            w.robertson
c.zeng                kugler.c              priolo.v              w.saba
dabas.a               kukhrania.a           prithivirajan.a       w.tang
dabdoub.m             kukreja.na            pritmani.p            wu.bar
dabiri.d              kulhari.s             priyadarshi.d         wu.bra
dabiri.h              kulkarni.akan         priyesh.p             wu.cheng
dabrowska-thapa.b     kulkarni.ami          pr.kumar              wu.chiayi
daddala.s             kulkarni.anushka      proferes.j            wu.chie
daftari.k             kulkarni.dip          prosperi.s            wu.dy
dagraca.o             kulkarni.n            pr.shenoy             wu.fangq
dai.ce                kulkarni.ram          prussman.e            wu.haiye
dai.je                kulkarni.si           prusty.s              wu.hao10
dai.jiay              kulkarni.sura         prusty.v              wu.haoc
dai.jie               kulkarni.vi           prystupa.a            wu.jiar
dai.jin1              kulkarni.vis          przybylowicz.t        wu.jingyi1
dai.jing1             kumaar.y              p.s                   wu.kail
dai.sa                kumahia.r             p.schindler           wu.kay
dai.xinj              kumar.abhina          pstevenson            wu.meng-
daiya.k               kumar.ada             p.tichko              wu.ming1
dai.yun               kumar.anan            pu.anq                wu.mingha
dai.yuxi              kumar.anand           puar.m                wu-ochs.s
daley.br              kumar.ara             puerta.d              wu.p
daley.mo              kumar.arun            puhazhendhi.a         wu.pam
daliboyina.s          kumar.ashi            punjabi.b             wu.peix
dalicha.s             kumar.ashish1         purandare.a           wu.pin
daliparthy.s          kumar.ashwi           puranik.n             wu.qian
dallaire.a            kumar.atu             puri.aa               wu.qife
dalonzo.m             kumar.che             purushotham.y         wu.qiuj
daly.m                kumar.himan           pushparaj.g           wu.shang
daly.mad              kumar.hr              puvvada.sr            wu.sheng1
daly.na               kumari.s              p.wang                wu.si2
damania.m             kumar.kar             pyataeva.i            wu.siy
damannagari.n         kumar.may             pyeon.j               wu.siyao
damico.n              kumar.nis             p.yott                wu.siyu
damodar.d             kumar.prad            p.zhao                wu.siyu1
damodharan.p          kumar.pri             p.zheng               wu.sk
damonti.s             kumar.rahul4          qadiri.m              wu.sta
damuth.s              kumar.sage            q.du                  wu.vict
dandamudi.k           kumar.shre            q.gao                 wu.victo
dandekar.p            kumar.sn              qian.hon              wu.weiq
daneshvarkakhaki.p    kumar.vika            qian.jin1             wu.xiaol
dang.hal              kummer.j              qian.le               wu.xinh
dangi.an              kunapuli.s            qian.n                wu.xinyu2
dang.ki               kunchum.r             qian.shao             wu.xuan
dangol.p              kundekar.i            qian.ya               wu.ya
dang.x                kunind.k              qian.yifa             wu.yicha
daniel.jac            kunin.z               qian.yiju             wu.yixia
daniels.g             kunjar.s              qiao.fa               wu.yuanh
dan.ramirez           kuo.chi               qiao.ji               wu.yuche
dao.ki                kuo.mi                qiao.jia              wu.yue5
dao.m                 kuppireddy.m          qiao.jin              wu.yuej
dapeng                kura.niha             qiao.k                wu.yuhu
darakhvelidze.g       kurhekar.p            qiao.zir              wu.yushu
dardinski.c           kurra.p               qifti.n               wu.yuxio
d.arguello            kurumunda.a           qi.luy                wu.zhoum
darling.s             kusche.s              qi.ma                 wu.zongyu
dar.miller            kushwaha.an           qin.ca                xia.jia
darosa.jo             kutzer.h              qin.chux              xia.ju
darsan.m              kuwar.p               qing.c                xiang.ch
darsivenkata.p        kuzmenkov.t           qin.ke                xiang.l
dar.sm                k.vanaja              qin.ra                xiang.mi
dar.z                 k.vincent             qin.she               xiang.pe
das.a                 kwiat.j               qin.xue               xiang.pen
dasarathan.d          k.witham              qin.yiw               xiang.yin
dasari.an             kwok.ch               qiu.er                xian.w
dasgupta.sw           kwok.jo               qiu.f                 xiao1.yang
dasmith               kwok.wi               qiu.haor              xiao.am
dasnurkar.a           kwon.so               qiu.min               xiao.jia
das.puj               k.xu                  qiu.pei               xiaolin.xu
das.rad               ky.garces             qiu.tr                xiaomu.zhou
das.raj               kzheng                qiu.yuch              xiao.q
dass.p                k.zolotovsky          qi.weim               xiao.siy
daswani.s             labash.b              qi.wenj               xiao.yuch
dauby.r               labbe.j               qi.xi1                xiao.yue
davda.g               laber.m               qi.yu1                xia.qiu
dave.ans              labrie.a              qi.yu2                xia.w
dave.kr               labrie.g              qi.zhen               xia.wei
dave.ne               labuda.n              q.jin                 xia.yi
dave.pri              lachyankar.a          q.lao                 xie.dong
david.fannon          lackowski.c           quach.al              xie.he
davidowski.a          lacouture.r           quadarella.j          xie.ho
david-sebo.b          lacroix.sa            quadri.s              xie.jingj
davidson.lu           ladikkar.c            quaglia.j             xie.le
davinroy.m            ladley.g              quan.p                xie.les
davis.ele             lad.n                 quan.yi               xie.meng
davis.he              lad.ra                qu.chen1              xie.xiny
davis.jes             lafferty.k            quinn.rya             xie.xinyu
davis.jet             lafranchise.j         quinn.wi              xie.xu
davis.rach            lagan.b               quiroga.b             xie.yany
davis.sh              lai.ca                qu.ja                 xie.yaq
daware.a              lai.ku                qu.le                 xie.yim
dawar.v               lai.lo                qutab.a               xie.yimi
dawson.z              laird.l               qu.ying               xie.ze
day.t                 lai.we                q.wan                 xing.we
d.bau                 lai.ye                q.yan                 xing.yifa
d.beirne              lakdawala.p           q.zhao                xin.ji
d.bloch               lake.p                raayaiardakani.m      xin.p
dbrady                lakhiani.s            rabbitt.kr            xin.we
dbritto.c             lakkapurambalasubr.s  r.abdelmessih         xiong.fan
d.brooks              lakkimsetty.s         rabenstein-bolufer.l  xiong.hua
d.budil               lakkis.t              rabieinastaran        xiong.ru
d.chaudhary           lakshmanaperumal.s    r.abu-shumays         xiong.xin
d.crookes             lakshminarayanan.r    rachakonda.v          xiu.t
d.dasarathan          lalani.r              rachelhopman          xi.wu
deakin.s              lalit.p               radhakrishnan.an      xiy.yang
deal.j                lamay.d               radutoiu.a            x.peng
deane.c               lam.jam               rafiu.q               xuan.zhang
dean.sar              lam.p                 ragata.s              xu.bowen
deb.ana               lamptey.f             raghavendra.vy        xu.chao
debarros.ma           lam.sy                ragunathan.r          xu.chao1
decanio.r             lam.tsz               rahatwad.s            xu.chen2
dec.j                 lam.vi                rahman.mas            xu.chen3
decker.cl             landry.d              raichurkar.a          xu.chenf
decoursey.a           lane.c                rai.g                 xu.cheng
deerwester.e          lane.cl               raikwar.s             xu.cheng2
deeusebio.su          langan.a              raina.s               xu.chengc
deffler.c             langelaan.z           rai.p                 xu.chengh
defrondeville.c       langer.m              rai.pi                xu.chengha
degrandpre.a          langert.l             rai.pra               xu.dar
dehoff.i              langevin.j            raj.a                 xu.don
deighan.s             langlois.n            rajagopalan.a         xue.fan
deisygysi             langton.p             rajagopalan.an        xue.fanq
delano.c              lan.ti                rajagopalmenon.v      xue.fe
delano.j              lantz.g               rajagopal.sank        xue.fei
delciello.h           lao.a                 raj.ak                xue.haor
deleo.t               laparidis.e           rajan.anu             xuelin
delgallego.e          lapointe.p            rajannair.b           xue.lin
deliwala.n            laquerre.j            rajaprasadrao.p       xue.zhi
delong.d              larkin.p              rajarajan.s           xu.guob
delorenzo.a           larkin.y              rajavelu.s            xu.hanc
delossantos.m         larmore.s             rajderkar.v           xu.jiam
delouise.a            larock.t              rajeev.n              xu.jiame
de.massey             larose.ta             rajendran.a           xu.jiayi1
demers.au             larotonda.a           rajendran.m           xu.jinb
demir.a               larue.l               rajeshirke.y          xu.jingl
demirkaya.a           larussa.s             rajesh.v              xu.jingya
demiryurek.a          laudati.k             rajivshah.p           xu.jingyi1
demoes.n              lau.kal               raj.kat               xu.kaiyu
denezza.ab            lau.kar               raj.ku                xu.lej
deng.ci               laura.senier          rajmane.a             xu.let
deng.he               laurel.gabard-durnam  rajopadhye.d          xu.lid
deng.jie1             lavelle.e             rajotte.j             xu.linj
deng.la               lavoie.je             rajotte.v             xu.luya
deng.li               lawcobb.j             rajput.n              xu.meng
deng.nan              lawless.l             rajput.va             xu.mengj
deng.tin              lawrence.lin          raju.dh               xu.mengt
deng.xiao1            lawsonlsw             raj.v                 xu.mu
deng.yi               lawton.g              raketla.k             xu.r
deng.yi1              laxdal.c              rallapalli.v          xu.ran
deng.ying             laychak.s             ramadan.ah            xu.re
deng.yiq              lazarchik.a           ramaiah.a             xu.rh
deng.yiw              lazarev.a             ramakrishnan.ank      xu.ro
deng.yuha             l.barrett             ramakrishnan.c        xu.rui
deng.zhe              l.chacho              ramakrishnan.sur      xu.ruit
deng.zij              l.chukoskie           ramamurthy.a          xu.run
denison.j             l.degrandis           ramanathan.ve         xu.rund
dennehy.se            l.doroshenko          ramani.hi             xu.ruoy
denoncourt.c          ldplant               raman.sr              xu.ruoyu
deogade.a             leach.mi              ramaswamy.a           xu.rut
deoleo.c              leaffer.c             ramaswamy.ash         xu.shao
deo.mi                leahy.h               ramaswamy.si          xu.shu1
deoras.a              leblanc.ca            ramesh.adi            xu.st
deotale.r             leblang.m             ramesh.ani            xu.tianh
depa.n                le.chau               ramesh.anu            xu.ty
depaoliskaluza.m      leclair.m             ramesh.ka             xu.wand
depice.d              le.cr                 ramesh.me             xu.wei3
dequit.a              le.dian               ramin.mohammadi       xu.weic
derby.b               leduc.an              ramkumar.r            xu.wenya
d.erdogmus            lee.bra               ramnani.g             xuwenzhu
derech.r              lee.cale              ramola.r              xu.xiaol
derekcurry            lee.cheng             ramos.k               xu.xinx
derks.j               lee.chieh-            rampelli.a            xu.xinyi3
deroche.d             lee.chlo              rampersad             xu.xu
derosier.a            lee.dongw             ramprasad.s           xu.yangji
dervan.j              lee.esth              ramprasad.sa          xu.yao1
desai.anm             lee.hayou             ramrakhyani.s         xu.yi
desai.anu             lee.hyeo              rana.al               xu.yifu
desai.as              lee.jet               rana.de               xu.yiha
desai.ay              lee.jongd             ranade.ame            xu.yihan
desai.ayus            lee.jul               rana.h                xu.yihao
desai.kar             lee.kath              rana.uj               xu.yuyu
desai.kara            lee.kev               randive.s             xu.zhang
desai.ne              lee.kuan              randle.e              xu.zheh
desai.raj1            lee.minji1            rane.at               xu.zhi2
desai.shal            lee.no                rane.si               xu.zian
desai.shrey           lee.pay               ranganathan.g         xu.zihan3
desai.shu             lee.rachel3           ranganathan.s         xu.ziqia
desai.ven             lee.seung             rangineni.v           xxx.r
deschamps.s           lee.seunghun          rangi.p               xychen
deshmukh.i            lee.soomi             rangwala.h            xzmcxj
deshmukh.sh           lee.tho               rangwani.ka           yachamaneni.s
deshmukh.shre         lee.ting              ran.h                 yadavalli.s
deshmukh.sw           lee.wil               ranjan.ad             yadav.ana
deshpande.aj          lee.yi                ranjan.ra             yadav.ashu
deshpande.mad         lee.yingc             ranjan.ri             yadav.gau
deshpande.ru          lee.yuju              ranjan.s              yadav.ne
deshpande.shi         lefebvre.ch           ranjit.p              yadav.sa
deshpande.ta          le.ge                 rao.ans               yadav.sho
deshpande.u           leggett.c             rao.che               yadav.y
desilets.n            leggett.s             rao.mu                yaghoubiarzefouni.m
desilva.da            le.ha1                rao.q                 yalala.k
desmond.m             lehman.e              rao.ra                yalamarty.s
desroches.j           lehman.s              rao.rahu              yamaguchi.p
desteno.s             lehn.i                rao.ri                yamaji.r
desu.v                le.hong               raotole.o             yamane.n
devaguptam.s          lehotzky              raoufi.r              yan.aa
devaki.s              leifer.be             raoulji.b             yan.chen
devanga.a             leighton.ol           ra.shridhar           yandrapu.m
devani.k              lei.hao1              rasool.f              yang.bin
devgon.r              leindals.l            rassaby.d             yang.bin2
devikar.p             lei.p                 rastogi.ris           yang.bingq
devnani.j             leisen.l              rastogi.u             yang.bot
devoe.l               leith.w               rath.li               yang.changd
devory.d              lejeune.b             rathod.dhr            yang.chen9
devries.an            lemke.a               rathod.hi             yang.chengha
devulapalli.p         lemole.a              rathod.rak            yang.chi
devuono.j             leng.x                ratnakirti.n          yang.chris
dewan.t               lenka.s               ratto.i               yang.ge1
dewey.j               lent.c                rauschenberger.n      yang.jiaj
dewitt.ka             lentini.m             rautela.v             yang.jinghan
dey.be                leroux.r              raut.ne               yang.kai1
dey.k                 leston.j              rava.c                yang.kathe
deyoung.j             le.thit               ravada.u              yang.kevi
dey.soum              leto.o                raval.v               yang.kuo
deyyam.a              lettington.p          ravari.a              yang.lei3
d.freeborn            leung.el              ravenelle.l           yang.ley
d.garvey              leung.o               ravi.akh              yang.lianr
d.gordin              levandosky.k          ravikumar.vi          yang.lis
dhaduti.k             levell.e              ravi.m                yangliu
dhakal.sar            levine.ch             ravindran.s           yang.liu2
dhamangaonkar.s       levinson.a            ravrane.s             yang.liu3
dhameliya.pa          le.vy                 rawal.an              yang.liu7
dhananjaya.s          levy.mar              rawale.t              yang.luh
dhanda.k              levy.p                rawal.p               yang.mengy
dhandapani.aa         lewick.r              rawat.ak              yang.mul
dhandapani.as         lewinter.r            rawat.m               yang.nan3
dhande.n              lewis.ai              rawjee.h              yang.qianl
dhanekula.sh          lewis.ala             ray.abi               yang.qingl
dhanuka.si            lewis.ann             rayapudi.s            yang.ro
dharangaonkar.a       lewis.jor             rayavarapu.v          yang.ru
dharmawat.p           lewis.mas             raymond.ed            yang.rui
dharod.p              le.ya                 raza.h                yang.rui1
dhole.an              leyva.j               razdan.a              yang.ruib
dhorajiya.a           le.zhong              raziei.z              yang.ruif
d.hummel              l.hackman             r.behr                yang.ruin
diaconu.d             l.hamandi             r.bhargava            yang.shaok
diamanti.j            lheureux.j            r.burtonpatel         yang.tianch
diana.bozhilova       lheureux.s            r.cavanaugh           yang.tianyu
diazbadilla.e         l.hou                 r.dorantesgilardi     yang.tingyi1
diazvargas.d          liang.don             rearick.s             yangwang
dibernardini.g        liang.jia             rebello.cl            yang.wenq
dicarlo.a             liang.jiant           reddy.ns              yang.xiaoya
diddi.m               liang.jiawe           redmond.ga            yang.xiny
dies.s                liang.rua             reed.al               yang.yang10
dikshit.ab            liang.va              regan.col             yang.yang7
dikshit.s             liang.x               regan.jo              yang.yang9
dikshit.sh            lian.xin              reicher.b             yang.yiyue
dillard.q             lian.ya               reid.der              yang.yuanc
dilworth.r            lian.yaq              reilly.alex           yang.yuanyu
dimachkieh.y          liao.f                reine.c               yang.yuh
dimare.c              liao.han1             remala.s              yang.yuj
dimauro.av            liao.hao              remiesiewicz.r        yang.yuku
dimeo.ma              liao.ma               ren.c                 yang.yulin
dimitrov.d            liao.ru               rengarajan.s          yang.yut
dimos.m               liao.t                ren.hai               yang.yuti
dinardo.a             liao.xinya            ren.jiar              yang.yuxi
dinesh.h              liao.yiw              ren.jin               yang.yuxin
dinesh.n              liao.you              ren.ka                yang.zej
dinesh.p              liaozhenyu            renner.s              yang.zep
dinesh.te             li.ba                 renon.a               yang.zha
ding.bo               li.baib               ren.p                 yang.zheny
ding.cheng            li.baol               ren.pen               yang.zhiq
ding.h                liburd.n              ren.pu                yang.zhiyu
ding.haoz             li.c                  ren.tiany             yang.zhuof
ding.hong             li.cal                ren.yi2               yang.ziyi2
ding.jiar             li.ce                 ren.yid               yan.hao2
ding.jin1             li.chang3             ren.yu1               yan.jia
ding.ro               li.chanl              restrepo.m            yan.jiac
ding.ruy              li.chao1              reusch.c              yan.jiach
ding.tian             li.chao2              reusch.k              yan.jiaha
ding.wen              li.chen2              reusmuns.g            yan.jiaji
ding.zihan            li.chen3              reuter.bi             yan.jial
dinh.p                li.chen7              revadekar.y           yan.jian
dinh.ti               li.chench             revilla.g             yan.jie1
dinius.ab             li.cheng1             reyes.i               yan.jing1
dipani.a              li.cheng6             reyes.p               yan.n
dipetrillo.c          li.chenghu            reyes.se              yan.shen
dipierro              li.chenh              reyna.s               yan.shiji
dipinto.j             li.chenxi             reynolds.jo           yan.ti
dirico.n              li.chi                rezaei.b              yan.weij
dirocco               li.chih               reza.s                yan.weiy
d.isaacowitz          li.chr                rezasadoddin          yan.yuh
disessa.j             li.chun               rezvanian.t           yan.yuy
distel                li.chunb              r.flatau              yanzhiwang
dittbrenner           li.cla                r.gangula             yan.zix
dittrich.r            li.collins            r.garridogarcia       yao.gu
dixith.a              li.cong1              r.gatins              yao.jef
dixit.pr              li.congs              rghuffman             yao.ph
dixon.br              li.cu                 rha.j                 yao.xinyu
dixon.kat             li.den                rhee.ji               yao.y
dixon.sa              li.dongha             r.herron              yao.yan
djohn1                li.dongyu             rhutchinson           yao.yao-
djourdikh.a           li.dy                 rhyner.j              yao.yue2
d.kaeli               lieber.h              riaz.o                yao.zo
d.koloski             liebsch.v             ribas.w               yar.g
d.kurt                liebson.b             ribaudo.a             yarkareddy.j
d.lazer               li.fut                ribeiro.je            yauch.a
d.leeber              li.gua                richard.ca            ya.zhang
d.leussler            li.guanq              richards.g            ya.zhu
dlevac                li.guoy               richardson.th         yazmacilar.o
d.lewis               li.hany               rich.b                y.bart
dlouis                li.hanz               rissaki.a             y.deng
d.lyons               li.haod               riva.f                ye.al
d.mangal              li.haolin             rivas.an              ye.anp
d.matthew             li.haolu              rivera.and            yeddula.h
d.miller              li.haom               rivera.bry            yedla.sa
dmorse                li.haoq               rivers.mi             yee.mi
d.murray              li.hongs              riyanto.r             yee.n
d.mylonas             li.hongyu1            rizvanov.a            yee.y
d.niles               li.huir               rizzi.n               yeh.al
dobrien               li.huiw               rizzo.ma              yeh.an
dodal.a               li.jiaf               rizzo.n               yeh.hs
doddaka.s             li.jiajun2            r.kirss               ye.liu
doddi.a               li.jiamu              r.kitagawa            yen.f
dodds.a               li.jiana              r.machne              yericherla.s
dodeja.t              li.jianw              r.manna               yerra.s
doerner.j             li.jiay               r.markiewicz          yewale.r
dogiparthi.n          li.jiayu1             rmhariharan           ye.we
doherty.w             li.jie3               r.moura               ye.xin
dolan.o               li.jie7               r.munthali            ye.zel
doll.f                li.jin4               r.nair                ye.zheng
domenechestarellas.l  li.jinxi1             roach.ni              ye.zhou1
domingos.k            li.jinzh              roach.nic             ye.zihao
dominic.c             li.jix                roach.ro              yf.dai
dominique.b           li.junce              robbins.f             y.hung
domondon.a            li.junho              robbins.k             yi1.yin
donahue.mau           li.kai2               robert.chavez         yi.do
do.ng                 li.kai3               roberts.jen           yildiz.ay
dong.ha               li.kail               roberts.sha           yildiz.i
dong.hu               li.kar                roberts.v             yildiz.muh
dong.jan              li.ke4                robohn.c              yildiz.tu
dong.jul              li.kun2               roc.c                 yili.zhao
dong.mengy            li.kunp               rocha.da              yilmaz.b
dong.pe               li.liangs             rockett.c             yilmaz.u
dong.qih              li.lin3               rockett.m             yilmaz.y
dong.qu               lima.l                rocque.j              yim.jo
dong.r                li.mao                rodowicz.j            yim.m
dongre.ak             li.maoj               rodrigues.la          yin.bo
dongre.may            limaye.pr             rodriguez.der         yin.d
dong.rui              limaye.pra            rodriguez.josep       yin.da
dong.sh               limbachia.v           rodriguez.mat         yin.hao
dong.xianz            lim.de                rodriguezmolina.n     yin.jian
dong.yana             li.meis               rogers.eth            yin.jiay
dong.yu               li.mengqi1            rogers.h              yin.na1
dong.yua              li.mengti             rogers.jar            yin.nan
dong.yuh              lim.gl                rogers.z              yin.ron
dong.zih              lim.hyu               rohra.a               yin.yic
donmez.b              li.mil                roiyeho               yin.yih
donnelly.b            li.mingju             rojas.di              yin.yil
donnelly.da           li.mings              rojaszumbado.l        yin.yu1
donnelly.dani         li.mingxi             rollo.l               yin.yua
doodala.s             lim.ke                romano.ni             yin.yuj
do.pindus             limmala.p             romano.st             yi.pe
dora.t                limruangvutikul.n     romero.mar            yip.e
dormitzer.a           lim.the               ronda.h               y.kong
dornipadu.n           li.mux                ronen.o               y.liang
doroudi.r             li.muz                rones.s               y.masoumisefidkhani
dorris.s              lim.ye                ronga.e               yodaiken.c
dorsey.an             li.nanc               rong.z                yoonji.lee
dorst.n               lin.chif              ronquillo.s           yoon.z
doshi.bo              lin.chuh              rooney.i              yost.e
doshi.mee             lindberg.an           root.ni               young.em
doshi.mon             linde.l               roparopa              young.jos
doshi.rohi            lin.gao               roquetshimizu.m       young.th
doty.k                ling.jia              rose.dy               young.tho
douglas.b             lingzhu               rose.ev               you.s
downs.m               lin.hangh             rosefield.s           yousefi.m
do.wu                 lin.haop              rosenbaum.g           you.she
doyle.c               lin.hsu               rosenberg.b           you.yu
doyle.ja              lin.kan               rosenberg.dav         you.zh
d.pietrus             lin.lian              rosen.eliz            y.qi
dpoppy                lin.minh              rosen.je              yua.feng
drabkin.n             lin.p                 rosen.jos             yuan.and
dransfield            lin.ph                rosenkranz.m          yuan.chao
dresel.s              lin.pin-              rosen.ma              yuan.e
drmattgoodwin         lin.qia1              rosenthal.dan         yuan.geng
d.rochefort           lin.qiny              ross.coo              yuan.ha
drohan.j              lin.sheng1            rossisantomauro.m     yuan.hao
dropathi.m            lin.shuq              rossman.e             yuan.haoc
d.saha                lin.shuyi             roulier.a             yuan.haof
dsangurdekar          lin.sop               rouse.ja              yuan.ke
dsilva.c              lintag.h              rouzbeh               yuan.meng4
dsouza.mel            lin.x                 rowe.c                yuan.pi
duan.jun              lin.xiaod             rowley.wi             yuan.ru
duan.me               lin.xua               roy.as                yuan.tian
duan.s                lin.yuc               royere.t              yuan.yez
duan.xin              lin.yuxi              roy.i                 yuan.yi
duan.zhe              lin.ze                roy.la                yuan.ying
duback.v              lin.zex               roy.ni                yuan.ziqi
dubba.j               lin.ziqin             roy.nip               yu.bol
dubey.kar             li.pet                r.paradkar            yu.boyu
dudhal.j              liphart.i             rqzhang               yub.qi
duduskar.r            lippner               r.ramachandranpillai  yu.calv
duffe.n               li.qing               r.runghen             yu.chunw
duffy.jak             li.qing1              r.sahastrabuddhe      yu.dan
duffy.k               li.qingyin            rschroter             yuen.a
duffy.ki              li.qiz                r.schroter            yue.r
duich.m               li.ray2               r.sederberg           yue.te
du.kad                liriano.m             r.sundaram            yue.xia
dukor.k               li.rui4               r.triest              yue.zhe
dulipala.a            li.run                rubin.j               yu.g
du.me                 li.runb               rubin-streit.p        yu.haoj
dunbar.e              li.runj               rubio.d               yu.hyo
dungarramchoudhary.r  li.runp               rudden.j              yu.jer
dunn.low              li.runy               rude.e                yu.jingh
duong.l               li.runyu              ruel.m                yu.jinh
duong.nha             li.runzh              ruffner.l             yu.juan
dupati.n              li.ruoch              ruggles.a             yu.kel
dupiche.c             li.ruoli              ruhlman.c             yu.lei
dupuguntla.a          lisavduffy            ruizvelascoaguado.s   yul.sun
duque.s               li.shufe              rukavina.n            yu.lu2
duran.s               li.shunq              rumberger.c           y.uluyol
durfee.d              li.shuyue             runyan.m              yu.mengya
durgin.be             lisiecki.j            rupprecht.t           yu.miaoy
durso.m               li.siha               rush.e                yu.mich
dusichka.d            li.simia              russell.ke            yu.nan
dutta.ni              li.ta                 russell.mad           yun.hai
duvvuri.b             li.tao                russo.do              yun.hy
duvvuri.s             li.tianch             rus.t                 yun.m
du.wei                littlestone.e         ruthala.s             yun.yi
du.xinl               li.tuox               rutherford.a          yu.pen
dwadasi.p             liu.and               rutman.m              yu.pin
dwa.n                 liu.bo6               ru.zhu                yu.qingz
d.wang                liu.can               r.v                   yu.sea
dwestfa2              liu.chang13           r.vangenugten         yu.shangl
dwivedi.sh            liu.chang16           r.venkatesaramani     yu.shaox
d.wood                liu.chang4            r.vieirabueno         yu.shiq
dwyer.d               liu.chang6            rwalters              yu.shuw
d.zhang               liu.changc            r.west                yusuf.ar
eadara.r              liu.changsi           r.westemeyer          yu.tianq
eagala.s              liu.changyu           r.westwater           yu.wanj
e.aguirre             liu.che               ryancordell           yu.weiq
eah.r                 liu.chen7             ryan.jor              yu.wenta
eamiller              liu.chen8             ryanqiwang            yu.xink
e.andrikidis          liu.cheng             ryan.ti               yu.yaw
eaton.a               liu.chengc            ryan.tr               yu.zhir
e.battistella         liu.chengyu           rydecki.c             y.weng
ebrahim.a             liu.chenj             rysdam.k              y.yaghoobi
eccissan              liu.chent             ryser.n               yzhang11
eccles.m              liu.chenx             saadat.m              zadbuke.a
e.chang-davidson      liu.chuny             sa.ahmad              zadorozhnyy.v
echeverryherrera.l    liu.davi              saawant.g             zafar.m
e.civillico           liu.di4               sabadish.n            zahedi.mehdi
ecomellas             liu.dongyu            sabbatiello           zahedi.s
ecomellas_old         liu.ers               sabhahit.n            zakrzewski.s
e.conway              liu.et                sabharwal.d           zaltsman.g
e.cram                liu.fangf             sable.s               zamanian.n
eda.s                 liu.fei               sabrikhiavi.r         zamaniforoshani.f
edelman.jo            liu.hao7              sa.caicedo            zambrowski.a
eden.m                liu.hengy             saccone.k             z.an
e.dillon              liu.huay              sachdev.a             zandigohar.m
edmond.a              liu.james             sachdev.su            zandi.r
e.doderorojas         liu.jasm              sachleben.t           zando.r
e.dorari              liu.jessi             sacks.k               zanganeh.a
edraki.m              liu.jiab              sa.connell            zang.s
edwardslambourne.t    liu.jiex              sadafi.m              zapata.s
effron.l              liu.jin               sadeddin.s            zarei.h
e.franck              liu.jina              sadeghi.ma            zarrouk.f
egan.ele              liu.jing3             sadeghinasr.b         zatakia.t
egbantan.b            liu.jing4             sadekar.o             zbierski.h
egeisinger            liu.jingr             saeizadeh.a           zboinski.e
egelberg.j            liu.jingru            saharoy.d             z.chen
eggenberger.m         liu.jingsh            saha.sa               z.dehghanipour
eggert.t              liu.jingy             sahasrabudhe.v        zeiberg.d
eggleston.m           liu.jingya            sahin.s               zeinali.d
egli.e                liu.jingyi            sahoo.ro              zelayaportillo.j
egolf.d               liu.jinh              sahota.g              zeller.k
e.hatamimajoumerd     liu.jinya             sah.sh                zemlyanker.d
ehlert.j              liu.jinyan            sahu.k                zeng.hao1
eh.miller             liu.jinyu             sahu.p                zeng.jingw
eid.ma                liu.jun2              said.a                zeng.jun
eig.j                 liu.junti             saikar.s              zeng.l
eisbach.z             liu.junyu             saikia.k              zeng.li
eisenberg.l           liu.kun3              saikumar.a            zeng.lij
e.karniouchina        liu.lei3              saini.ji              zeng.lil
e.kirda               liu.liao              saini.ki              zeng.lin
ekpunobi.i            liu.lu7               saini.su              zeng.ling
e.large               liu.mingxi            saipureddi.l          zeng.lu
elayavalli.a          liu.mingyu1           sairamesh.d           zeng.lux
elaydi.t              liu.mingzhu           saittagaroon.p        zeng.me
elbert.m              liu.o                 s.aityan              zeng.ru
eler.i                liu.pau               sakaria.h             zeng.shi1
elespuru.j            liu.pu                sakhaee.n             zeng.v
e.levine              liu.qian              sakhamreddy.m         zeng.vi
elfadil.a             liu.qiang             sakinal.n             zeng.xiang
elgailani.a           liu.qinha             s.akula               zeng.yud
elhabr.n              liu.ran1              salaryshahrbabaki.m   zenteno.o
elia.ma               liu.rui4              salatin.r             z.fang
eliassi               liu.shans             salazar.d             zhai.li
e.libby               liu.sheng             saldanha.m            z.han
eljerari.a            liu.shij              salehihikouei.b       zhang.aij
elkobaitry.a          liu.shin              salguero.c            zhang.allen
ellenwang             liu.shiqin            s.al-heejawi          zhang.anq
elmaadawy.s           liu.shiru             salian.c              zhang.bij
elmassih.g            liu.shu               salian.sh             zhang.bo3
elnaggar.k            liu.silin             salib.f               zhang.bo4
elousrouti.m          liu.siying            salinasdesouza.g      zhang.boh
emamifar.m            liu.suh               salkar.n              zhang.boho
emani.k               liu.sunh              salley.n              zhang.boqu
e.marchesini          liu.taora             salsman.m             zhang.bor
e.meier               liu.tian1             salunkhe.a            zhang.bow
emmadi.r              liu.tianru            salunkhe.ad           zhang.bowei
e.moramarin           liu.tianyu1           salunkhe.as           zhang.boya1
e.moroegido           liu.tze               salvadore.m           zhang.boya2
enelow.a              liu.wei4              salvadorvieira.g      zhang.boyu
e.ning                liu.wei5              salvatoredoro         zhang.bra
e.nord                liu.wei7              salvi.a               zhang.chao2
enricomaiorino        liu.weih              salvi.sw              zhang.cheng3
entner.j              liu.weij              samadov.i             zhang.chenqij
e.perekhodko          liu.weiw              s.amal                zhang.chi9
epinette.m            liu.wenhu             samani.h              zhang.chuan
e.piza                liu.xiao8             samanta.an            zhang.chun
eppley.m              liu.xiaoha            samantaray.a          zhang.dac
epstein.alex          liu.xiaoqi1           samantaray.p          zhang.dar
equebal.a             liu.xiaoying          samavedam.m           zhang.dawe
er.anderson           liu.xiax              sa.mccormick          zhang.dehu
eren.h                liu.xic               samineni.sa           zhang.di1
erhard.e              liu.xim               s.amir                zhang.dus
erkson.s              liu.xin8              sampath.ki            zhang.em
ermlich.e             liu.xind              sampgaon.h            zhang.eu
ernst.z               liu.xinh              sampson.e             zhang.h
er.reynolds           liu.xinru             s.amraee              zhang.haich
er.yeh                liu.xinyi3            sanctis.v             zhang.haim
escamillagarcia.d     liu.xuanm             sandrabyju            zhang.hain
escobarpalacio.c      liu.yanch             sands.j               zhang.haix
escobedo.a            liu.yanl              sanghvi.y             zhang.haixi
eskandar.m            liu.yaqi              sanil.s               zhang.haixia
esmaeili.b            liu.ye3               sanjeev.a             zhang.haiy
esmanolakos           liu.yek               sankarakumar.s        zhang.han6
e.smotkin             liu.yid               sankaranarayanan.k    zhang.hang2
esrefoglu.r           liu.yijin1            sankaranarayanan.ra   zhang.hank
esslinger.k           liu.yingp             sankar.s              zhang.hanwe
e.strand              liu.yitong            sankhe.ku             zhang.hany
e.suh                 liu.yixuan2           sankhye.r             zhang.hao10
e.tosch               liu.yuanco            sanne.n               zhang.hao3
e.tunik               liu.yuez              sansiveri.a           zhang.hao5
e.tusuzian            liu.yum               santani.t             zhang.hao8
e.valencia            liu.yuny              santiago.aly          zhang.haoj
evancic.k             liu.yuqin1            santos.fa             zhang.haon
evans.aid             liu.yut               sanyala               zhang.haona
evans.gab             liu.yutao             sapienza.d            zhang.haoran3
evans.ja              liu.yuxin1            sapre.at              zhang.haoyin
evans.l               liu.zehu              saptarshimukherjee    zhang.haoyu2
evans.r               liu.zhaox             sapte.s               zhang.haoyuan
evers.i               liu.zhi1              sarabudla.n           zhang.haozhe1
e.y                   liu.zhiya             saraf.m               zhang.he
eyermanncj            liu.ziqi2             sarap.a               zhang.hed
ezekielharcourt.o     liu.ziti              sara.rouhanifard      zhang.hej
ezimmerman            liu.ziyu3             saravanan.g           zhang.heng1
fabadogomezlobo.m     liu.ziyu4             saravanan.n           zhang.hengl
facey.k               liu.zo                saravanan.pr          zhang.het
fadel.s               li.wangfan            saravana.p            zhang.hey
fadullon.s            li.wei                sarawate.n            zhang.heyu
faghfoorian.m         li.wei10              sar.d                 zhang.hongj
faghihpirayesh.r      li.wei5               sardana.p             zhang.hongmi
fagone.n              li.wei7               sardinha.a            zhang.hongt
fallahi.a             li.weich              sargar.o              zhang.hongw
fallah.s              li.weico              sarkisian.a           zhang.hu
falotico.s            li.weik               sarnelli.h            zhang.huaiy
fam.a                 li.weiy               sarode.r              zhang.huid
fanari.o              li.weiya              saroliya.d            zhang.huili
fang.chun             li.wen1               sartorio.w            zhang.j
fang.jo               li.wenzh              sas                   zhang.jann
fang.n                li.wenzhe1            sashikumar.n          zhang.jenn
fang.ni               li.xiaox              sasser.ai             zhang.jiahe
fang.q                li.xingx              sasturkar.h           zhang.jiahen
fangqq                li.xingz              sateeshkumar.a        zhang.jian3
fang.wenl             li.xinhan             sathe.a               zhang.jiando
fang.xinwe            li.xinya              sathe.ad              zhang.jie3
fang.yix              li.xinz               sathe.an              zhang.jie4
fang.yo               li.xueyang1           satheesha.s           zhang.jiey
fang.yue1             li.xuyan              sathiyanarayanan.s    zhang.jih
fang.zhil             lix.zhu               sathyanarayanan.s     zhang.jinda1
fang.zhou1            li.yanyu              sattarova.a           zhang.jingh
fang.zi               li.yatin              satyanarayana.s       zhang.jingto
fang.zic              li.yifan2             saunders.d            zhang.jinku
fang.zil              li.yifan5             sauntry.j             zhang.jinm
fan.hao1              li.yili               saurer.i              zhang.jinw
fan.ja                li.yinz               sau.s                 zhang.kail
fan.jiaz              li.yize               savalia.r             zhang.kaiwen1
fan.jie1              li.yongch             savarirajan.r         zhang.keji
fan.ku                li.yuan5              savcisens.g           zhang.lei1
fan.luy               li.yuanhao1           sawale.s              zhang.leyi
fan.pe                li.yuanyuan           sawant.ani            zhang.liangm
fan.ruc               li.yue2               sawant.san            zhang.lib
fan.shut              li.yuehe              sawaqed.s             zhang.linh
fan.we                li.yuet               sawarkar.n            zhang.lish
fan.xiaoy             li.yueyan2            sawaya.r              zhang.liwe
fan.xun               li.yujie1             sawhney.s             zhang.liwei
fan.yue1              li.yum                sawylie               zhang.liyin
farazi.s              li.yume               saxena.ad             zhang.liyin1
faria.th              li.yumen              saxena.ak             zhang.luop
farina.d              li.yuxiao             saxena.am             zhang.mingyua
farinha.a             li.yuyang2            saxena.b              zhang.mingzh
farlow.f              li.zhem               saxena.e              zhang.noc
farrell.k             li.zhen               saxena.si             zhang.pan
farrell.ka            li.zhen1              saxena.ta             zhang.peng2
farrell.kati          li.zhen2              sayandip11016         zhang.pu
farrell.kel           li.zhen3              sayantanikayal        zhang.ran1
farwah.h              li.zhenb              sbardella.a           zhang.ruiqi
farzad                li.zheng2             s.basagni             zhang.ruiqi1
farzad.k              li.zheng4             sbauman               zhang.ruiz
fasano.a              li.zhengh             s.bhimani             zhang.runy
fatemehkp             li.zhengj             s.bonanno             zhang.ry
f.barrios             li.zhengli            sbrorson              zhang.shao1
f.curtolo             li.zhengn             s.caplins             zhang.shil
fear.e                li.zhenh              scarbrough.s          zhang.shimi
feffer.c              li.zhenl              schaal.s              zhang.shiqi1
fegade.r              li.zhenz              schaar.e              zhang.shuc
feghahati.s           li.zhimi              schaeffer.d           zhang.shuo2
feldman.ju            li.zhiw               schaeffer.j           zhang.shuq
felsenthal.l          li.zho                s.chakraborty         zhang.shuya
feng.chan             li.zhuohui            schattman.b           zhang.sico
feng.de               li.zihan1             schellberg.br         zhang.sid
feng.gu               li.zihan2             schenck.k             zhang.te
feng.jiar             li.zihu               scherzer.r            zhang.ten
feng.lix              li.ziwe               schiavone.f           zhang.tianqi1
feng.xuey             ljlacroix             schinault.m           zhang.tianya1
feng.xuez             l.koch                schissel.j            zhang.tianyi8
fennessy.fr           lloyd.c               s.chitnis             zhang.tianyi9
fenuccio.a            l.luan                schlesinger.e         zhang.tianyu4
ferenc.c              l.marino              schmidt.bro           zhang.tong1
ferguson.br           lmdstone              schmidt.st            zhang.tongs
feric.z               l.mitchener           schmitt.ja            zhang.tongy
fernandes.jor         lmurga                schneekloth.p         zhang.wanc
fernandes.ju          l.murphy              schneider.b           zhang.wann
fernandes.ll          l.nelson              schneider.w           zhang.weipe
fernandes.ru          lnu.dam               schock.j              zhang.weit
fernando.je           lnu.f                 schoen.a              zhang.weita
ferrante.am           lnu.gau               schonholtz.d          zhang.weiz
ferrer.ni             lnu.man               schrier.a             zhang.wenyu1
ferrier.j             lnu.manp              schubert.b            zhang.xi4
ferri.m               lnu.raman             schuch                zhang.xi5
feucht.s              lnu.shr               schultz.so            zhang.xiang1
f.ghoreishi           lobandi.n             schultz.w             zhang.xianh
f.hernandez           locke.du              schulz.al             zhang.xiaog
f.hung                locke.t               schwabe.m             zhang.xiaoge
fialkoff.m            lockwood.k            schwapp.c             zhang.xiaoh
field.ben             logan.ro              schwartz.ann          zhang.xiaoyu
field.j               lohia.a               schwartzman.b         zhang.xin5
fields.s              loh.me                schweitzer.ja         zhang.xin9
figueroa-navedo.a     lokesha.c             scianna.c             zhang.xinwe
figueroa.p            lokhande.sw           scire.w               zhang.xinyu15
filaski.d             lomax.m               scott.alan            zhang.xinyu5
filmer.s              londa.j               scott.ed              zhang.xinz
fine.l                long.kae              s.crowe               zhang.xio
fink.e                long.meg              s.dong                zhang.xuanh
fiotto-kaufman.j      long.qu               s.dudy                zhang.xueh
firlie.b              long.sy               seaman.m              zhang.yam
fischbach.a           longtin.m             seang.s               zhang.ye3
fischer.ge            long.xianw            searles.s             zhang.yibo1
fisher.mar            loo.e                 sebagisha.l           zhang.yicha
fiss.m                looney.br             sebastian.c           zhang.yicheng
fitch.j               looney.k              sebastian.f           zhang.yijie
fitzgerald.li         looney.n              sebastian.ille        zhang.ying3
fitzgerald.se         looney.r              sebastian.jas         zhang.yingq
fitzmaurice.a         lopes.aa              sebbane.i             zhang.yitian
fitzpatrick.ch        lopez.ce              sebhat.r              zhang.yuan6
fitzpatrick.p         lopez.eri             sebova.d              zhang.yuchen
fiveducks             lopez.ke              sebring.d             zhang.yuex
flaherty.jo           lopilato.c            sebruf                zhang.yuhan8
flamuraj.s            lora.n                sederberg.r           zhang.yuhe
flannery.n            lorden.al             seelam.s              zhang.yuho
fleischer.a           lorenzo.k             seenivasakapperuma.p  zhang.yulu
fleischmann.m         loretz.j              sefchick.e            zhang.yup
fleischmann.z         lorig.c               segnitz.z             zhang.yupe
fleming.col           lotterhos             sehajpal.m            zhang.yuxiang
floodtaylor.a         loughlin.he           sehgal.n              zhang.yuxin10
floresca.j            louis.d               seidman.g             zhang.yuxin2
flores.r              lou.jin               seifert.k             zhang.yuxuan4
florez.ja             lou.m                 seitz.u               zhang.yuxuan5
florus.v              lourenco.ca           sekyere.d             zhang.yuy
fluellen.l            lou.sha               seljuk.a              zhang.zehao
flyingsky2007         lou.ye                sellers.g             zhang.zelo
f.morfini             lowe.a                selvadoss.a           zhang.zhehu
f.muzny               lowell.d              selvakumaran.h        zhang.zhenyu5
fnu.su                loycano.b             selvakumaran.k        zhang.zheyu1
fochtman.e            lozoponi.n            selvakumaran.m        zhang.zhiyo
fogelson.h            l.poklop              selvakumar.n          zhang.zhongw
foley.joh             lraine19              selvaraj.ra           zhang.zhuo2
foley.mic             l.ruffner             semaan.k              zhang.zihao1
foley.no              l.schrage             semwal.a              zhang.zil
fonsecagarcia.j       l.scoccola            senangkhanikorn.t     zhang.zili
ford.meg              l.smith               senat.m               zhang.zip
ford.mich             lu.ad                 sengar.p              zhang.ziru
forouzmand.s          luan.d                senk.m                zhang.zixuan2
forster.ja            lu.ba                 sensharma.a           zhang.ziyu1
foss.w                lu.bow                senthilgeetha.s       zhang.ziyue
foster.li             lu.bowe               senthilkumar.a        zhan.x
foster.ve             lucas.ja              senthilkumar.d        zhan.zhe
fothergill.c          lucchetti.f           senthilkumar.m        zhao.binb
fox.benj              lu.chengc             senthilnathan.l       zhao.cha
fquivira              luckhardt.c           senthil.sh            zhao.chenxi1
francis.mi            ludwig.j              seo.sam               zhao.d
franco-argueta.k      lugani.n              sepulveda.s           zhao.dan
franco.mel            lu.jiac               sergiy                zhao.danj
frank.j               lu.jiang              seri.s                zhao.haib
franklin.no           lu.jiani              se.rogers             zhao.haiyu
frank.mic             lu.jiayo              serpe.ja              zhao.hanb
franktip              lu.jie                serra-franco.b        zhao.hao
frederico.freitas     lu.jing               serrano.av            zhao.hao1
free.c                lukan.f               servin.a              zhao.hao2
freedman.s            lu.kev                sessions.s            zhao.haob
frees.ta              luk.j                 seth.h                zhao.haoc
frels.h               lu.lei1               sethi.ak              zhao.je
frias.t               lu.max                sethi.raj             zhao.jing4
fridley.e             lumia.r               sethi.si              zhao.linf
frieden.t             lumyee                seth.k                zhao.nan
fried.k               lunger.a              severi.g              zhao.peng
friman.s              luo.chun              sevim.s               zhao.peng1
f.ruehle              luo.dan1              sewaleekunanon.c      zhao.rui2
fryling.h             luo.e                 se.yang               zhao.shiha
f.shamsi              luo.eu                seyedabrishami.se     zhao.siche
f.somogyi             luo.haoyu             seyedmohammadghava.m  zhao.sij
fu.ann                luo.jiac              seyedolmohadesin.s    zhao.siw
fuchs.o               luo.jing              sezgin.e              zhao.tianyi
fu.daw                luo.min               s.faber               zhao.v
fu.e                  luo.ming1             s.fazel-pour          zhao.wang
fu.jing               luo.qiu               s.fiedler             zhao.wenha
fulker.z              luo.rui               s.ghimire             zhao.xiaoya
fu.n                  luo.wei2              shabanpour.m          zhao.xiaoyun
furat.e               luo.xiny              shaffer.c             zhao.xingc
furman.b              luo.ye                shafiahmed.o          zhao.xuan1
furtado.sha           luo.yik               shafiee.n             zhao.xueb
fusco.ai              luo.yuk               shafique.a            zhao.yang
fusco.ju              luo.zhe               shafi.z               zhao.yibo
fu.si                 lu.qin                shah.aakash           zhao.yiming
fu.sir                lurie.s               shah.aang             zhao.yua
fus.li                lu.shib               shahabi.m             zhao.yuank
fu.yiy                lusk.c                shah.adit1            zhao.yuany
gaba.ar               luu.an                shah.akh              zhao.yuc
gada.d                lu.xingy              shaham.m              zhao.yuchen3
gada.de               lu.xue                shah.ana              zhao.yuec
gaddam.pa             lu.xue1               shah.anal1            zhao.yueha
gaddam.sh             lu.xuez               shah.arham            zhao.yuh
gadde.sa              lu.yanch              shah.ch               zhao.yuxu
gaddi.a               lu.yifa               shah.cha              zhao.yuyu
gadge.s               lu.yongc              shah.dhruvd           zhao.zes
gadgil.t              lu.yuny               shah.fo               zheng.bi
gadhave.o             lu.yuxuan             shah.harsh            zheng.chua
gadhiraju.a           lu.zheng              shah.harsh3           zheng.erica
gadiraju.sh           lu.zix                shah.harsh5           zheng.hua1
gadre.sh              l.voso                shah.harshal          zheng.jiay
gaffney.da            lv.zh                 shah.harshb           zheng.qi
gaffney.do            l.wedage              shah.harshs           zheng.qing
gaggar.s              l.wright              shahidi.s             zheng.qir
g.agostini            lynch.caro            shahid.o              zheng.ruo
gaikwad.t             lyon.ja               shahi.s               zheng.wan
gajjar.a              lyons.b               shah.janvi            zheng.wenh
gajjar.d              lyu.bo                shah.jayd             zheng.wu
gajjar.ka             lyu.kel               shah.jayn             zheng.yant
gajjar.s              lyu.yan1              shah.jes              zheng.yi4
gakhar.m              maaheshwari.s         shah.jis              zheng.yin
gala.ru               m.abedi               shah.jish             zheng.yuju
galasso.ju            ma.bernstein          shah.juhi             zheng.zen
galdamez.w            macariola.d           shah.karan3           zheng.zhao
gali.an               macavoy.ma            shah.keva             zheng.zhih
gallagher.col         maccoll.e             shah.keval            zhen.k
gallant.j             machado.g             shah.kevin            zhi.chen
galloway.o            machannagari.s        shah.kevin1           zhi.tan
Galoaa.b              machiraju.s           shah.mitu             zhong.jiah
galstian.a            maciaslopez.c         shah.neell            zhong.m
galvandubois.k        mackey.c              shah.nid              zhong.mingh
g.alverson            maclaughlin.a         shah.nip              zhong.tin
gami.kru              macro1212             shah.pa               zhong.wen1
ganapally.p           macwan.m              shah.parag            zhong.xue
ganapathi.b           madan.j               shah.parin            zhong.yao
gandasisuryaprakas.s  madarapu.s            shah.paris            zhorov.e
gande.vi              maddah.n              shah.pars             zhou.ala
gandhi.aa             maddali.s             shah.parsh            zhou.ca
gandhi.adit           madhumohanreddy.h     shah.parth            zhou.chengyu1
gandhi.ba             ma.ding               shah.parth1           zhou.chenyan
gandhi.dee            madnick.b             shah.parth3           zhou.ed
gandhi.ga             madraswalla.a         shah.parthi           zhou.fan1
gandhi.ha             madrid.ja             shah.praha            zhou.fan2
gandhi.khu            maestas.d             shah.prans            zhou.guan
gandhi.ku             ma.fe                 shah.prer             zhou.hao2
gandhi.p              mage.m                shah.riddhi           zhou.haoz
gandikota.ro          magesh.u              shah.rit              zhou.he1
gandrakota.s          maghrabi.m            shah.rut              zhou.jiali1
gandras.l             magliari.m            shah.salv             zhou.jiangs
ganesa.c              maglio.jo             shah.samv             zhou.jing4
ganesh.ami            magre.n               shah.shaivals         zhou.junj
ganesh.pre            maguluri.r            shah.shruj            zhou.junp
gan.f                 mahadevarao.s         shah.shu              zhou.ka
gangam.s              mahadikar.s           shah.sid              zhou.mengq
ganguly.a             mahajan.d             shah.smit1            zhou.runj
ganguly.am            mahajan.hrit          shah.sub              zhou.shin
ganguri.s             mahajan.swa           shah.ve               zhou.shuyu
ganji.p               mahale.ar             shah.vidhi            zhou.sich
ganta.s               mahant.ma             shah.vidhi1           zhou.siji
gantepalli.n          mahapatra.aa          shah.vin              zhou.ste
ganti.n               mahasitthiwat.a       shah.viram            zhou.tianyi
gan.wen               maheras.k             shah.vishal           zhou.to
gao.an                mahesha.a             shah.vishe            zhou.tong1
gao.boy               mahesh.ak             shah.vive             zhou.wann
gao.chenx             maheshwarappa.a       shah.vivek            zhou.xiang
gao.hongy             maheshwari.rav        shah.vri              zhou.ying4
gao.jian3             mahmood.h             shaib.c               zhou.yiya
gao.jin               mahtar.a              shaigorodsky.l        zhou.yiyan
gao.jing1             mahurkar.aa           shaik.af              zhou.yue3
gao.jingji            mahurkar.d            shaik.di              zhou.yuhao
gao.jingx             mai.dar               shaik.fi              zhou.yunk
gao.kaij              mailly.k              shaikh.b              zhou.zhaot
gao.min               maithania.yo          shaikh.f              zhou.zhenji
gao.ming2             maiti.a               shaikh.fa             zhou.zhihu
gao.mingd             maivald.p             shaikh.sal            zhou.ziang
gao.miny              ma.ja                 shaikh.z              zhuang.d
gao.mu                majekodunmi.ol        shaiktingari.m        zhuang.zhe
gao.rox               ma.jian               shail.s               zhu.chu
gao.run               ma.jianm              shajain               zhu.fang
gao.tianh             ma.jiayi              shams.h               zhuge.l
gao.yuan5             ma.jun1               shamsi.n              zhu.gua
gao.yuh               makamsuresh.s         shanbhag.d            zhu.haozh
gao.yunf              makhamreh.a           shan.bo               zhu.jie2
gao.yux               makhija.n             shan.boh              zhu.junco
garciacastillo.a      makhura.p             shan.ch               zhu.ler
garcia.de             makkilineni.s         shangguan.x           zhu.luo
garciadelacruz.d      makwana.sh            shang.sh              zhune.j
garcia.jan            malcolm.ta            shang.yut             zhu.ry
garcia.lui            maldonado.g           shanmugasundaram.m    zhu.shaot
garciasanchez.s       malekar.m             shan.yix              zhu.tao
gardas.a              malemath.a            shan.zh               zhu.tia
garg.ayu              malik.gi              shao.joe              zhu.wi
garg.p                malik.haf             shao.xuy              zhu.xuhu
garg.ro               malirdwi              shao.yut              zhu.xup
garg.si               malithjayaweera.d     shapiro.ja            zhu.yanzh
garg.vis              malladhi.s            sharan.a              zhu.yib
garikapati.p          mallepallilakshmip.k  sharif.mo             zhu.yilo
garneni.v             mallesh.s             sharifrohani.a        zhu.yiny
garnett.i             malloy.je             sharma.aa             zhu.ziq
gaspar.n              malloy.jo             sharma.aara           zhu.ziyan
gasparrini.w          mall.s                sharma.aka            zibello.k
gates-dehn.m          mallula.r             sharma.arvi           zidarescu.s
gaur.h                maloney               sharma.at             zidya.t
gaurihar.n            malvi.l               sharma.bha            zigni.c
gaus.e                malviya.p             sharma.divya          zik.i
gautam.aa             malviya.t             sharma.divyb          zilabi.g
gautam.sri            malyala.p             sharma.ev             zimiroski.j
gavazzi.a             mamidipalli.r         sharma.gar            zimmerer.er
gawler.j              mammadov.m            sharma.him            zimmermann.h
ga.young              mamro.b               sharma.himans         zimmermann.ja
gazgalis.d            mamtamohan            sharma.kart           zinjuwadia.r
gaziano.f             ma.mu                 sharma.kartik2        ziq.lin
gbama.p               manapati.m            sharma.kin            zi.ya
g.cooperman           manav.y               sharma.mana           z.khan
g.cotter              manchanda.pu          sharma.nam            zlota.a
gear.a                mandadi.r             sharma.new            zlota.s
geep86                mandala.n             sharma.paa            z.nayema
geer.c                mandali.p             sharma.prachi         zo.chen
ge.gl                 mandal.t              sharma.prana          zoleta.m
geisel.m              mandava.b             sharma.pranav         zope.m
gelinas.jo            mandava.so            sharma.pre            zope.t
geller.j              mandel.e              sharma.rag            zou.he
gentilin.s            manduri.s             sharma.ritik          zou.jiaw
george.ker            mandzhgaladze.l       sharma.rohits         zou.jit
george.ta             manea.s               sharma.sany           zou.yao
gerardnagarajan.r     mangalagiri.r         sharma.shikh          zou.zhe
gerbereux.l           manganda.j            sharma.shivan         zpf2007
germain.a             mangano.a             sharma.ta             z.qi
gervasio.s            manidhar.m            sharma.tan            z.tian
gester.d              mani.na               sharma.tu             zubieta.d
gesualdi.a            manivelan.n           shashibhushan.e       zucker.j
ghag.t                manjunath.sh          s.hashmi              zuo.c
ghanadtorshizi.p      mankala.s             shatzer.w             zuo.zo
ghanbarpourmamagh.m   manlangit.a           shaughnessy.s         zurn-galinsky.m
ghanem.p              man.lu                shaw.ly               zutshi.k
ghanghas.s            mannam.t              shayegani.s           zuzarte.i
ghasemi.k             mann.e                shayestehfard.k       zymba.d
ghasemi.p             mann.el               shechter.l            zyskowski.k
ghiasi.m              manne.sa              sheeba                z.yu
ghoda.g               manning.sam           sheehan.can           zywang
ghojaria.sa           mann-robison.e        shehu.d
ghorpade.p            manolios.e            shehu.p
[hudson.ka@login-01 scratch]$ cd hudson.ka/
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BayLab/MarineGenomicsDatn/week1.tar.gz
--2024-01-24 15:35:43--  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BayLab/MarineGenomicsData/main/week1gz
Connecting to 10.99.0.130:3128... connected.
Proxy request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK
Length: 173438 (169K) [application/octet-stream]
Saving to: ‘week1.tar.gz’

100%[==========================================================>] 173,438     --.-K/s   in 0.00

2024-01-24 15:35:53 (52.9 MB/s) - ‘week1.tar.gz’ saved [173438/173438]

[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ tar -xzvf week1.tar.gz
MarineGenomics/week1/
MarineGenomics/week1/SRR6805880_1.fastq
MarineGenomics/week1/SRR6805880_2.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls -F
MarineGenomics/  week1.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls
MarineGenomics  week1.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ cd MarineGenomics/
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls -F
week1/
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ cd week1/
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ ls -F
SRR6805880_1.fastq*  SRR6805880_2.fastq*
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ man las
No manual entry for las
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ man ls
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ ls -l
total 491
-rwxr-xr-x 1 hudson.ka users 250890 Aug 25  2021 SRR6805880_1.fastq
-rwxr-xr-x 1 hudson.ka users 250896 Aug 25  2021 SRR6805880_2.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ pwd
/scratch/hudson.ka/MarineGenomics/week1
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ ls -F
SRR6805880_1.fastq*  SRR6805880_2.fastq*
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ cd
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls
Biol3411_Assignments  DNA_translation    DNA_updated_names_addition  ondemand
DNA_names             DNA_updated_names  file3
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ cd /scratch/hudson.ka/MarineGenomics/
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls
week1
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ cd week1/
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ ls SRR6805880_
SRR6805880_1.fastq  SRR6805880_2.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ pw
pwck              pwd               pwhistory_helper  pwmconfig         pwunconv
pwconv            pwdx              pwmake            pwscore
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ cd MarineGenomics
-bash: cd: MarineGenomics: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ cd ..
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ pwd
/scratch/hudson.ka/MarineGenomics
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls
week1
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ cd ..
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ pwd
/scratch/hudson.ka
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls
MarineGenomics  week1.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ man ls
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls -a
.  ..  MarineGenomics  week1.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ man ls
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls --all
.  ..  MarineGenomics  week1.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls -a -F
./  ../  MarineGenomics/  week1.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls MarineGenomics/
week1
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls -aF MarineGenomics/
./  ../  week1/
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ cd MarineGenomics/week1/
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ cd ../..
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ pwd
/scratch/hudson.ka
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ ls -aF MarineGenomics/week1/
./  ../  SRR6805880_1.fastq*  SRR6805880_2.fastq*
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ cd ~
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ pwd
/home/hudson.ka
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ cd /scratch/hudson.ka/MarineGenomics/week1/
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ cd
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ cd /scratch/hudson.ka/
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ cd MarineGenomics/week1/
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ cd ..
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls ~
Biol3411_Assignments  DNA_translation    DNA_updated_names_addition  ondemand
DNA_names             DNA_updated_names  file3
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BayLab/MarineGenomicsData/main/week2.tar.gz
--2024-01-24 15:55:00--  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BayLab/MarineGenomicsData/main/week2.tar.gz
Connecting to 10.99.0.130:3128... connected.
Proxy request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK
Length: 18666 (18K) [application/octet-stream]
Saving to: ‘week2.tar.gz’

100%[=====================================================>] 18,666      --.-K/s   in 0.001s

2024-01-24 15:55:00 (23.7 MB/s) - ‘week2.tar.gz’ saved [18666/18666]

[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ tar -xzvf week2.tar.gz
MarineGenomics/week2/
MarineGenomics/week2/sra_metadata/
MarineGenomics/week2/sra_metadata/SraRunTable.txt
MarineGenomics/week2/TableS2_QTL_Bay_2017.txt
MarineGenomics/week2/untrimmed_fastq/
MarineGenomics/week2/untrimmed_fastq/SRR097977.fastq
MarineGenomics/week2/untrimmed_fastq/SRR098026.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls
MarineGenomics  week1  week2.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls MarineGenomics/
week2
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls week2
ls: cannot access week2: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls MarineGenomics/week2/
sra_metadata  TableS2_QTL_Bay_2017.txt  untrimmed_fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ cd MarineGenomics/week2/untrimmed_fastq/
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ ls *.fastq
SRR097977.fastq  SRR098026.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ ls /usr/bin*.sh
ls: cannot access /usr/bin*.sh: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ cd ~
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /usr/bin*.sh
ls: cannot access /usr/bin*.sh: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls ?
ls: cannot access ?: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /
applications-merged  courses   etc   lib    mnt   proj      root  scratch  sys  var
bin                  datasets  gpfs  lib64  opt   projects  run   shared   tmp  work
boot                 dev       home  media  proc  research  sbin  srv      usr  xcatpost
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /usr
bin  etc  games  include  lib  lib64  libexec  local  lpp  sbin  share  src  tmp
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /usr/bin/c
ls: cannot access /usr/bin/c: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls usr/bin
ls: cannot access usr/bin: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /usr/bin
[                                   hexdump                   rcsclean
7za                                 host                      rcsdiff
a2p                                 hostid                    rcsfreeze
aclocal                             hostname                  rcsmerge
aclocal-1.13                        hostnamectl               read
acyclic                             htop                      readelf
addr2line                           http                      readlink
aec                                 hunspell                  realpath
afs5log                             i386                      recode-sr-latin
agentxtrap                          ib_acme                   recountdiff
alias                               iceauth                   red
animate                             iconv                     redhat_lsb_init
ansible                             id                        rediff
ansible-2                           ident                     regdiff
ansible-2.7                         identify                  regpatch
ansible-config                      idiag-socket-details      regshell
ansible-connection                  idn                       regtree
ansible-console                     ifnames                   remunge
ansible-console-2                   igawk                     rename
ansible-console-2.7                 img2png                   renice
ansible-doc                         img2py                    repoclosure
ansible-doc-2                       img2xpm                   repodiff
ansible-doc-2.7                     import                    repo-graph
ansible-galaxy                      indent                    repomanage
ansible-galaxy-2                    index_dump                repoquery
ansible-galaxy-2.7                  info                      repo-rss
ansible-inventory                   infocmp                   reposync
ansible-playbook                    infokey                   repotrack
ansible-playbook-2                  infotocap                 rescan-scsi-bus.sh
ansible-playbook-2.7                install                   reset
ansible-pull                        instmodsh                 resize
ansible-pull-2                      interdiff                 resizecons
ansible-pull-2.7                    intltool-extract          rev
ansible-vault                       intltoolize               rksh
ansible-vault-2                     intltool-merge            rlog
ansible-vault-2.7                   intltool-prepare          rm
apropos                             intltool-update           rmail
ar                                  ionice                    rmail.postfix
arch                                iostat                    rmcp_ping
aria_chk                            ipcalc                    rmdir
aria_dump_log                       ipcmk                     rnano
aria_ftdump                         ipcrm                     rpcclient
aria_pack                           ipcs                      rpcgen
aria_read_log                       ipmicmd                   rpm
as                                  ipmilan                   rpm2cpio
aserver                             ipmish                    rpmbuild
assistant-qt5                       ipmi_sim                  rpmdb
at                                  ipmitool                  rpmkeys
atq                                 ipmi_ui                   rpmquery
atrm                                iptables-xml              rpmsign
aulast                              isdv4-serial-inputattach  rpmspec
aulastlog                           iso-info                  rpmverify
ausyscall                           iso-read                  rrdcached
autoconf                            isosize                   rrdcgi
autoheader                          isql                      rrdcreate
autom4te                            iusql                     rrdinfo
automake                            jnettop                   rrdtool
automake-1.13                       jobs                      rrdupdate
autopoint                           join                      rsync
autoreconf                          journalctl                rsyslog-recover-qi.pl
autoscan                            jp.py                     runcon
autoupdate                          jp.py-2                   run-parts
auvirt                              jp.py-2.7                 rvi
awk                                 jq                        rview
base64                              k5srvutil                 rvim
basename                            kadmin                    rxe_cfg
bash                                kbdinfo                   s2p
bashbug                             kbd_mode                  s3cmd
bashbug-64                          kbdrate                   sacct
batch                               kdestroy                  sacctmgr
bc                                  kdumpctl                  sadf
bcomps                              kernel-install            salloc
bdftopcf                            keyctl                    _salloc
bdftruncate                         kill                      samba-regedit
bd_info                             killall                   sar
bdsplice                            kinit                     sattach
bg                                  klist                     sbatch
bison                               kmod                      sbcast
bond2team                           koi8rxterm                scancel
bootctl                             kpasswd                   sccmap
bunzip2                             krb5-config               scontrol
busctl                              ksh                       scp
byacc                               ksh93                     screen
bzcat                               ksu                       script
bzcmp                               kswitch                   scriptreplay
bzdiff                              ktutil                    scrontab
bzgrep                              kvno                      scrun
bzip2                               last                      scsi_logging_level
bzip2recover                        lastb                     scsi_mandat
bzless                              lastlog                   scsi_readcap
bzmore                              lchfn                     scsi_ready
c++                                 lchsh                     scsi-rescan
c2ph                                lconvert-qt5              scsi_satl
c89                                 ld                        scsi_start
c99                                 ldapadd                   scsi_stop
cairo-sphinx                        ldapcompare               scsi_temperature
cal                                 ldapdelete                sdiag
ca-legacy                           ldapexop                  sdiff
cancel                              ldapmodify                sdpscanner
cancel.cups                         ldapmodrdn                sdrcomp
captoinfo                           ldappasswd                secon
cat                                 ldapsearch                secret-tool
catchsegv                           ldapurl                   sed
catman                              ldapwhoami                seff
cc                                  ld.bfd                    sensors
ccache-swig                         ldd                       sensors-conf-convert
ccmake                              ld.gold                   seq
ccomps                              lefty                     sessreg
cd                                  less                      setarch
cdda-player                         lessecho                  setfacl
cd-drive                            lesskey                   setfont
cd-info                             lesspipe.sh               setkeycodes
cd-paranoia                         lex                       setleds
cd-read                             lexgrog                   setmetamode
centrino-decode                     libbluray_test            setpriv
certutil                            libnetcfg                 setsid
c++filt                             libpng15-config           setterm
chacl                               libpng-config             setup-nsssysinit
chage                               libtool                   setup-nsssysinit.sh
chardetect                          libtoolize                setvtrgb
chardetect-3                        linguist-qt5              setxkbmap
chardetect-3.6                      link                      sexp-conv
chattr                              linux32                   sfdp
chcon                               linux64                   sftp
chfn                                linux-boot-prober         sg
chgrp                               list_titles               sgather
chmem                               ln                        sg_compare_and_write
chmod                               lneato                    sg_copy_results
chown                               loadkeys                  sg_dd
chronyc                             loadunimap                sg_decode_sense
chrpath                             locale                    sg_emc_trespass
chrt                                localectl                 sg_format
chsh                                localedef                 sg_get_config
chvt                                locate                    sg_get_lba_status
ci                                  logger                    sg_ident
cifsdd                              login                     sginfo
cifsiostat                          loginctl                  sg_inq
circo                               logname                   sg_logs
cksum                               look                      sg_luns
clear                               lp                        sg_map
clpi_dump                           lp.cups                   sg_map26
cluster                             lpoptions                 sgm_dd
cmake                               lppasswd                  sg_modes
cmp                                 lpq                       sg_opcodes
cmsutil                             lpq.cups                  sgp_dd
co                                  lpr                       sg_persist
col                                 lpr.cups                  sg_prevent
colcrt                              lprm                      sg_raw
colrm                               lprm.cups                 sg_rbuf
column                              lprsetup.sh               sg_rdac
combinediff                         lpstat                    sg_read
comm                                lpstat.cups               sg_read_block_limits
command                             lrelease-qt5              sg_read_buffer
compare                             ls                        sg_readcap
compile_et                          lsattr                    sg_read_long
composite                           lsblk                     sg_reassign
conjure                             lsb_release               sg_referrals
convert                             lscpu                     sg_requests
coredumpctl                         lsdiff                    sg_reset
cp                                  lsinitrd                  sg_rmsn
cpack                               lsipc                     sg_rtpg
cpan                                lslocks                   sg_safte
cpan-mirrors                        lslogins                  sg_sanitize
cpio                                lsmem                     sg_sat_identify
cpp                                 lsns                      sg_sat_phy_event
cpuid                               lsscsi                    sg_sat_set_features
cpupower                            lua                       sg_scan
crit                                luac                      sg_senddiag
crlutil                             luit                      sg_ses
crontab                             lupdate-qt5               sg_start
cscope                              lwp-download              sg_stpg
cscope-indexer                      lwp-dump                  sg_sync
csh                                 lwp-mirror                sg_test_rwbuf
csplit                              lwp-request               sg_turs
csslint-0.6                         lz4                       sg_unmap
ctags                               lz4c                      sg_verify
ctest                               lz4cat                    sg_vpd
curl                                m17n-conv                 sg_write_buffer
curl-config                         m4                        sg_write_long
cut                                 mac2unix                  sg_write_same
cvt                                 machinectl                sg_wr_mode
cvtsudoers                          mail                      sg_xcopy
cxpm                                Mail                      sh
date                                mailq                     sha1sum
db_archive                          mailq.postfix             sha224sum
db_checkpoint                       mailx                     sha256sum
db_deadlock                         make                      sha384sum
db_dump                             makedb                    sha512sum
db_dump185                          man                       sharesec
db_hotbackup                        mandb                     shasum
db_load                             manpath                   shcomp
db_log_verify                       mapscrn                   show-changed-rco
db_printlog                         mc                        showconsolefont
db_recover                          mcdiff                    show-installed
db_replicate                        mcedit                    showkey
db_stat                             mcookie                   showrgb
db_tuner                            mcview                    shred
db_upgrade                          md5sum                    shuf
dbus-binding-tool                   mdig                      signver
dbus-cleanup-sockets                merge                     sim_client
dbus-daemon                         mesg                      sinfo
dbus-launch                         mixartloader              size
dbus-monitor                        mkdir                     sjobexitmod
dbus-run-session                    mkfifo                    sjstat
dbus-send                           mkfontdir                 skill
dbus-test-tool                      mkfontscale               slabinfo
dbus-update-activation-environment  mkinitrd                  slabtop
dbus-uuidgen                        mknod                     sleep
db_verify                           mktemp                    slogin
dbwrap_tool                         mm2gv                     smail
dc                                  mmc-tool                  smbcacls
dconf                               mobj_dump                 smbclient
dd                                  moc-qt5                   smbcontrol
deallocvt                           modulecmd                 smbcquotas
debuginfo-install                   modutil                   smbget
dehtmldiff                          mogrify                   smbpasswd
delv                                mokutil                   smbprint
designer-qt5                        montage                   smbspool
desktop-file-edit                   more                      smbtar
desktop-file-install                mount                     smbtree
desktop-file-validate               mountpoint                snice
df                                  mpls_dump                 snmpbulkget
dgawk                               mpstat                    snmpbulkwalk
diff                                msgattrib                 snmpconf
diff3                               msgcat                    snmpdelta
diffimg                             msgcmp                    snmpdf
diffstat                            msgcomm                   snmpget
dig                                 msgconv                   snmpgetnext
dijkstra                            msgen                     snmpinform
dir                                 msgexec                   snmpnetstat
dircolors                           msgfilter                 snmpset
dirname                             msgfmt                    snmpstatus
display                             msggrep                   snmptable
dltest                              msghack                   snmptest
dmesg                               msginit                   snmptls
dmtcp_command                       msgmerge                  snmptranslate
dmtcp_coordinator                   msgunfmt                  snmptrap
dmtcp_discover_rm                   msguniq                   snmpusm
dmtcp_launch                        msql2mysql                snmpvacm
dmtcp_nocheckpoint                  mtcp_restart              snmpwalk
dmtcp_restart                       munge                     soelim
dmtcp_rm_loclaunch                  mv                        solterm
dmtcp_srun_helper                   mvxattr                   sort
dmtcp_ssh                           mwm                       sotruss
dmtcp_sshd                          my_print_defaults         sound_dump
dnsdomainname                       mysql                     soundstretch
domainname                          mysqlaccess               spax
dos2unix                            mysqladmin                splain
dot                                 mysqlbinlog               split
dot2gxl                             mysqlcheck                splitdiff
dotlockfile                         mysql_config              sprio
dotty                               mysqldump                 sprof
doxygen                             mysql_find_rows           sqlite3
dracut                              mysqlimport               squeue
dtrace                              mysqlshow                 sreport
du                                  mysqlslap                 srun
dumpkeys                            mysql_waitpid             ssh
dvipdf                              nail                      ssh-add
dwp                                 namei                     ssh-agent
dwz                                 nano                      sshare
easy_install                        nc                        ssh-copy-id
easy_install-2.7                    ncap2                     ssh-keygen
easy_install-3.6                    ncat                      ssh-keyscan
ebrowse                             ncatted                   sshpass
echo                                ncbo                      ssltap
ed                                  ncclimo                   sstat
edid-decode                         nc-config                 stap
editdiff                            nccopy                    stapbpf
editra                              ncdiff                    stapdyn
egrep                               ncdump                    stap-merge
eject                               ncea                      stap-prep
elfedit                             ncecat                    stap-report
emacs                               nces                      staprun
emacs-24.3                          ncflint                   stapsh
emacsclient                         ncgen                     start-pulseaudio-x11
enchant                             ncgen3                    startx
enchant-lsmod                       ncks                      stat
encode_keychange                    ncpdq                     stdbuf
env                                 ncra                      strace
envsubst                            ncrcat                    strace-log-merge
eps2eps                             ncremap                   stream
eqn                                 ncrename                  stress
espdiff                             ncurses5-config           strigger
etags                               ncursesw5-config          strings
etags.emacs                         ncwa                      strip
eu-addr2line                        ndiff                     stty
eu-ar                               ndptool                   su
eu-elfcmp                           neato                     sudo
eu-elfcompress                      needs-restarting          sudoedit
eu-elflint                          neqn                      sudoreplay
eu-findtextrel                      net                       sum
eu-make-debug-archive               netaddr                   svn
eu-nm                               net-snmp-create-v3-user   svnadmin
eu-objdump                          netstat                   svndumpfilter
eu-ranlib                           nettle-hash               svnlook
eu-readelf                          nettle-lfib-stream        svnrdump
eu-size                             newaliases                svnserve
eu-stack                            newaliases.postfix        svnsync
eu-strings                          newgidmap                 svnversion
eu-strip                            newgrp                    swig
eu-unstrip                          newuidmap                 sxpm
ex                                  nf-config                 sync
expand                              nf-ct-add                 synclient
expr                                nf-ct-list                syncqt.pl
f95                                 nf-exp-add                syndaemon
factor                              nf-exp-delete             systemctl
fail2ban-client                     nf-exp-list               systemd-analyze
fail2ban-python                     nf-log                    systemd-ask-password
fail2ban-regex                      nf-monitor                systemd-cat
fail2ban-server                     nf-queue                  systemd-cgls
fallocate                           nfsiostat-sysstat         systemd-cgtop
false                               ngettext                  systemd-coredumpctl
fc                                  nice                      systemd-delta
fc-cache                            nisdomainname             systemd-detect-virt
fc-cache-64                         nl                        systemd-escape
fc-cat                              nl-addr-add               systemd-firstboot
fc-conflist                         nl-addr-delete            systemd-hwdb
fc-list                             nl-addr-list              systemd-inhibit
fc-match                            nl-class-add              systemd-loginctl
fc-pattern                          nl-class-delete           systemd-machine-id-setup
fc-query                            nl-classid-lookup         systemd-notify
fc-scan                             nl-class-list             systemd-nspawn
fc-validate                         nl-cls-add                systemd-path
fdp                                 nl-cls-delete             systemd-run
fftwf-wisdom                        nl-cls-list               systemd-stdio-bridge
fftwl-wisdom                        nl-fib-lookup             systemd-sysv-convert
fftw-wisdom                         nl-link-enslave           systemd-tmpfiles
fftw-wisdom-to-conf                 nl-link-ifindex2name      systemd-tty-ask-password-agent
fg                                  nl-link-list              tabs
fgconsole                           nl-link-name2ifindex      tac
fgrep                               nl-link-release           tail
fi_info                             nl-link-set               tailf
file                                nl-link-stats             tapestat
filterdiff                          nl-list-caches            tar
find                                nl-list-sockets           taskset
find2perl                           nl-monitor                tbl
findmnt                             nl-neigh-add              tclsh
find-repos-of-install               nl-neigh-delete           tclsh8.5
findsmb                             nl-neigh-list             tcptraceroute
fi_pingpong                         nl-neightbl-list          tcsh
fipscheck                           nl-pktloc-lookup          teamd
fipshmac                            nl-qdisc-add              teamdctl
firefox                             nl-qdisc-delete           teamnl
firewall-cmd                        nl-qdisc-list             tee
firewall-offline-cmd                nl-route-add              telnet
fi_strerror                         nl-route-delete           test
fixcvsdiff                          nl-route-get              testgdbm
fixqt4headers.pl                    nl-route-list             testparm
flex                                nl-rule-list              tic
flex++                              nl-tctree-list            time
flipdiff                            nl-util-addr              timedatectl
flock                               nm                        timeout
fmt                                 nmap                      tload
fold                                nmblookup                 tmon
fonttosfnt                          nmcli                     tmux
foomatic-rip                        nm-online                 toe
free                                nmtui                     top
freetype-config                     nmtui-connect             touch
fribidi                             nmtui-edit                tput
ftp                                 nmtui-hostname            tr
funzip                              nohup                     tracepath
g++                                 nop                       tracepath6
gapplication                        nosetests                 traceroute
gawk                                nosetests-2.7             traceroute6
gc                                  notify-send               tred
gcc                                 nping                     tree
gcc-ar                              nproc                     troff
gcc-nm                              nroff                     true
gcc-ranlib                          nsenter                   truncate
gconf-merge-tree                    nslookup                  trust
gconftool-2                         nss-policy-check          tset
gcore                               nsupdate                  tsort
gcov                                ntpstat                   ttmkfdir
gcr-viewer                          numfmt                    tty
gctags                              objcopy                   turbostat
gdb                                 objdump                   twopi
gdb-add-index                       oclock                    tzselect
gdbus                               ocs                       ucs2any
gdbus-codegen                       od                        ucx_info
gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-64         odbc_config               ucx_perftest
gdk-pixbuf-thumbnailer              odbcinst                  ucx_read_profile
gedit                               oldfind                   udevadm
gencat                              oLschema2ldif             udisksctl
gendiff                             open                      udunits2
genl-ctrl-list                      openipmicmd               uic-qt5
geoiplookup                         openipmi_eventd           uil
geoiplookup6                        openipmish                ul
geoipupdate                         openssl                   umask
geqn                                openvt                    umount
GET                                 orc-bugreport             unalias
getconf                             osage                     uname
getent                              os-prober                 unexpand
getfacl                             otfdump                   unflatten
getkeycodes                         otflist                   unicode_start
getopt                              otftobdf                  unicode_stop
getopts                             otfview                   uniq
gettext                             p11-kit                   unix2dos
gettextize                          pacat                     unix2mac
gettext.sh                          package-cleanup           unix-lpr.sh
gfortran                            pacmd                     unlink
ghostscript                         pactl                     unlz4
gif2h5                              padsp                     unmunge
gio                                 padsp-32                  unshare
gio-querymodules-64                 page_owner_sort           unwrapdiff
git                                 pamon                     unxz
git-receive-pack                    pango-list                unzip
git-shell                           pango-querymodules-64     unzipsfx
git-upload-archive                  pango-view                update-ca-trust
git-upload-pack                     paperconf                 updatedb
glib-compile-resources              paplay                    update-desktop-database
glib-compile-schemas                parec                     update-gtk-immodules
glib-genmarshal                     parecord                  update-mime-database
glib-gettextize                     passwd                    uptime
glib-mkenums                        paste                     urlgrabber
glxgears                            pasuspender               users
glxinfo                             patch                     usleep
glxinfo64                           patchwork                 usx2yloader
gmake                               pathchk                   utmpdump
gmetric                             pax                       uuclient
gml2gv                              pax11publish              uuidgen
gneqn                               pchrt                     uxterm
gnome-keyring                       pcre-config               vdir
gnome-keyring-3                     pdbedit                   verifytree
gnome-keyring-daemon                pdf2dsc                   vi
gnome-text-editor                   pdf2ps                    view
gnroff                              peekfd                    vim
gobject-query                       perf                      vimdiff
google-chrome                       perl                      vimdot
google-chrome-stable                perl5.16.3                vimtutor
gpasswd                             perlbug                   vlock
gpg                                 perldoc                   vmmouse_detect
gpg2                                perlivp                   vmstat
gpg-agent                           perlthanks                vxloader
gpgconf                             pf2afm                    w
gpg-connect-agent                   pfbtopfa                  wait
gpg-error                           pflags                    wall
gpgparsemail                        pftp                      watch
gpgsplit                            pgawk                     watchgnupg
gpgv                                pgrep                     wc
gpgv2                               pic                       wdctl
gpg-zip                             piconv                    wget
gpic                                pidstat                   whatis
gprof                               pinentry                  whereis
gr2fonttest                         pinentry-curses           which
graphml2gv                          ping                      whiptail
grep                                ping6                     who
grep-changelog                      pinky                     whoami
grepdiff                            pip3                      wish
gresource                           pip-3                     wish8.5
groff                               pip-3.6                   write
grops                               pip3.6                    X
grotty                              pixeltool-qt5             x11perf
groups                              pk12util                  x11perfcomp
grub2-editenv                       pkaction                  x86_64
grub2-file                          pkcheck                   x86_64-redhat-linux-c++
grub2-fstest                        pkcs1-conv                x86_64-redhat-linux-g++
grub2-glue-efi                      pkexec                    x86_64-redhat-linux-gcc
grub2-kbdcomp                       pkg-config                x86_energy_perf_policy
grub2-menulst2cfg                   pkill                     xargs
grub2-mkfont                        pkla-admin-identities     xauth
grub2-mkimage                       pkla-check-authorization  xbiff
grub2-mklayout                      pkttyagent                xclipboard
grub2-mknetdir                      pl2pm                     xclock
grub2-mkpasswd-pbkdf2               pldd                      xconsole
grub2-mkrelpath                     plymouth                  xcursorgen
grub2-mkrescue                      pmap                      xcutsel
grub2-mkstandalone                  pod2html                  xdg-desktop-icon
grub2-render-label                  pod2latex                 xdg-desktop-menu
grub2-script-check                  pod2man                   xdg-email
grub2-syslinux2cfg                  pod2text                  xdg-icon-resource
gs                                  pod2usage                 xdg-mime
gsbj                                podchecker                xdg-open
gsdj                                podselect                 xdg-screensaver
gsdj500                             POST                      xdg-settings
gsettings                           post-grohtml              xdpr
gsettings-data-convert              powernow-k8-decode        xdpyinfo
gsl-config                          pphs                      xdriinfo
gsl-histogram                       pr                        xev
gslj                                preconv                   xeyes
gslp                                pre-grohtml               xfd
gsl-randist                         printafm                  xfontsel
gsnd                                printenv                  xgamma
gsoelim                             printf                    xgettext
gss-client                          prlimit                   xhost
gstack                              profiles                  xinit
gstat                               prove                     xinput
gst-feedback                        prtstat                   xkbcomp
gst-feedback-0.10                   prune                     xkill
gst-inspect                         ps                        xload
gst-inspect-0.10                    ps2ascii                  xlogo
gst-inspect-1.0                     ps2epsi                   xlsatoms
gst-launch                          ps2pdf                    xlsclients
gst-launch-0.10                     ps2pdf12                  xlsfonts
gst-launch-1.0                      ps2pdf13                  xmag
gst-stats-1.0                       ps2pdf14                  xmbind
gst-typefind                        ps2pdfwr                  xmessage
gst-typefind-0.10                   ps2ps                     xmlcatalog
gst-typefind-1.0                    ps2ps2                    xmllint
gst-xmlinspect                      psed                      xmlwf
gst-xmlinspect-0.10                 psfaddtable               xmodmap
gst-xmllaunch                       psfgettable               Xorg
gst-xmllaunch-0.10                  psfstriptable             xorg-x11-fonts-update-dirs
gtar                                psfxtable                 xpr
gtbl                                pstack                    xprop
gtester                             pstree                    xrandr
gtester-report                      pstree.x11                xrced
gtf                                 pstruct                   xrdb
gtk-launch                          ptar                      xrefresh
gtk-query-immodules-2.0-64          ptardiff                  xset
gtk-query-immodules-3.0-64          ptargrep                  xsetmode
gtk-update-icon-cache               ptaskset                  xsetpointer
gtroff                              ptx                       xsetroot
gunzip                              pulseaudio                xsetwacom
gv2gml                              pwd                       xsltproc
gv2gxl                              pwdx                      xstdcmap
gvcolor                             pwmake                    xsubpp
gvfs-cat                            pwscore                   xterm
gvfs-copy                           pyalacarte                xvidtune
gvfs-info                           pyalamode                 xvinfo
gvfs-less                           pycrust                   xwd
gvfs-ls                             pydoc                     xwininfo
gvfs-mime                           pydoc3                    xwud
gvfs-mkdir                          pydoc3.6                  xxd
gvfs-monitor-dir                    pygmentize                xz
gvfs-monitor-file                   pygmentize-3.6            xzcat
gvfs-mount                          pyshell                   xzcmp
gvfs-move                           python                    xzdec
gvfs-open                           python2                   xzdiff
gvfs-rename                         python2.7                 xzegrep
gvfs-rm                             python3                   xzfgrep
gvfs-save                           python3.6                 xzgrep
gvfs-set-attribute                  python3.6m                xzless
gvfs-trash                          pyvenv                    xzmore
gvfs-tree                           pyvenv-3.6                yacc
gvgen                               pywrap                    yes
gvmap                               pywxrc                    ypcat
gvmap.sh                            qcollectiongenerator-qt5  ypchfn
gvpack                              qdbus                     ypchsh
gvpr                                qdbuscpp2xml-qt5          ypdomainname
gxl2dot                             qdbus-qt5                 ypmatch
gxl2gv                              qdbusviewer-qt5           yppasswd
gzexe                               qdbusxml2cpp-qt5          ypwhich
gzip                                qdoc                      yum
h2ph                                qhelpconverter-qt5        yum-builddep
h2xs                                qhelpgenerator-qt5        yum-config-manager
h52gif                              qlalr                     yum-debug-dump
h5c++                               qmake-qt5                 yum-debug-restore
h5c++-64                            qml                       yumdownloader
h5cc                                qmlcachegen               yum-groups-manager
h5cc-64                             qmleasing                 zabbix_get
h5copy                              qmlimportscanner          zabbix_sender
h5debug                             qmllint                   zcat
h5diff                              qmlmin                    zcmp
h5dump                              qmlmin-qt5                zdiff
h5fc                                qmlplugindump-qt5         zegrep
h5fc-64                             qmlprofiler-qt5           zenity
h5import                            qml-qt5                   zfgrep
h5jam                               qmlscene                  zforce
h5ls                                qmlscene-qt5              zgrep
h5mkgrp                             qmltestrunner             zip
h5perf_serial                       qtattributionsscanner     zipcloak
h5redeploy                          qtdiag                    zipdetails
h5repack                            qtpaths                   zipgrep
h5repart                            qtplugininfo-qt5          zipinfo
h5stat                              quakestat                 zipnote
h5unjam                             quota                     zipsplit
hdmv_test                           quotasync                 zless
hdsploader                          ranlib                    zmore
head                                raw                       znew
HEAD                                rcc-qt5                   zsoelim
helpviewer                          rcs
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /usr/bin/c*
/usr/bin/c++           /usr/bin/centrino-decode  /usr/bin/circo        /usr/bin/cpack
/usr/bin/c2ph          /usr/bin/certutil         /usr/bin/cksum        /usr/bin/cpan
/usr/bin/c89           /usr/bin/c++filt          /usr/bin/clear        /usr/bin/cpan-mirrors
/usr/bin/c99           /usr/bin/chacl            /usr/bin/clpi_dump    /usr/bin/cpio
/usr/bin/cairo-sphinx  /usr/bin/chage            /usr/bin/cluster      /usr/bin/cpp
/usr/bin/cal           /usr/bin/chardetect       /usr/bin/cmake        /usr/bin/cpuid
/usr/bin/ca-legacy     /usr/bin/chardetect-3     /usr/bin/cmp          /usr/bin/cpupower
/usr/bin/cancel        /usr/bin/chardetect-3.6   /usr/bin/cmsutil      /usr/bin/crit
/usr/bin/cancel.cups   /usr/bin/chattr           /usr/bin/co           /usr/bin/crlutil
/usr/bin/captoinfo     /usr/bin/chcon            /usr/bin/col          /usr/bin/crontab
/usr/bin/cat           /usr/bin/chfn             /usr/bin/colcrt       /usr/bin/cscope
/usr/bin/catchsegv     /usr/bin/chgrp            /usr/bin/colrm        /usr/bin/cscope-indexer
/usr/bin/catman        /usr/bin/chmem            /usr/bin/column       /usr/bin/csh
/usr/bin/cc            /usr/bin/chmod            /usr/bin/combinediff  /usr/bin/csplit
/usr/bin/ccache-swig   /usr/bin/chown            /usr/bin/comm         /usr/bin/csslint-0.6
/usr/bin/ccmake        /usr/bin/chronyc          /usr/bin/command      /usr/bin/ctags
/usr/bin/ccomps        /usr/bin/chrpath          /usr/bin/compare      /usr/bin/ctest
/usr/bin/cd            /usr/bin/chrt             /usr/bin/compile_et   /usr/bin/curl
/usr/bin/cdda-player   /usr/bin/chsh             /usr/bin/composite    /usr/bin/curl-config
/usr/bin/cd-drive      /usr/bin/chvt             /usr/bin/conjure      /usr/bin/cut
/usr/bin/cd-info       /usr/bin/ci               /usr/bin/convert      /usr/bin/cvt
/usr/bin/cd-paranoia   /usr/bin/cifsdd           /usr/bin/coredumpctl  /usr/bin/cvtsudoers
/usr/bin/cd-read       /usr/bin/cifsiostat       /usr/bin/cp           /usr/bin/cxpm
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /usr/bin/*a*
/usr/bin/7za                                 /usr/bin/ncecat
/usr/bin/a2p                                 /usr/bin/ncra
/usr/bin/aclocal                             /usr/bin/ncrcat
/usr/bin/aclocal-1.13                        /usr/bin/ncremap
/usr/bin/acyclic                             /usr/bin/ncrename
/usr/bin/addr2line                           /usr/bin/ncwa
/usr/bin/aec                                 /usr/bin/neato
/usr/bin/afs5log                             /usr/bin/needs-restarting
/usr/bin/agentxtrap                          /usr/bin/netaddr
/usr/bin/alias                               /usr/bin/net-snmp-create-v3-user
/usr/bin/animate                             /usr/bin/netstat
/usr/bin/ansible                             /usr/bin/nettle-hash
/usr/bin/ansible-2                           /usr/bin/nettle-lfib-stream
/usr/bin/ansible-2.7                         /usr/bin/newaliases
/usr/bin/ansible-config                      /usr/bin/newaliases.postfix
/usr/bin/ansible-connection                  /usr/bin/newgidmap
/usr/bin/ansible-console                     /usr/bin/newuidmap
/usr/bin/ansible-console-2                   /usr/bin/nf-ct-add
/usr/bin/ansible-console-2.7                 /usr/bin/nf-exp-add
/usr/bin/ansible-doc                         /usr/bin/nfsiostat-sysstat
/usr/bin/ansible-doc-2                       /usr/bin/nisdomainname
/usr/bin/ansible-doc-2.7                     /usr/bin/nl-addr-add
/usr/bin/ansible-galaxy                      /usr/bin/nl-addr-delete
/usr/bin/ansible-galaxy-2                    /usr/bin/nl-addr-list
/usr/bin/ansible-galaxy-2.7                  /usr/bin/nl-class-add
/usr/bin/ansible-inventory                   /usr/bin/nl-class-delete
/usr/bin/ansible-playbook                    /usr/bin/nl-classid-lookup
/usr/bin/ansible-playbook-2                  /usr/bin/nl-class-list
/usr/bin/ansible-playbook-2.7                /usr/bin/nl-cls-add
/usr/bin/ansible-pull                        /usr/bin/nl-link-enslave
/usr/bin/ansible-pull-2                      /usr/bin/nl-link-ifindex2name
/usr/bin/ansible-pull-2.7                    /usr/bin/nl-link-name2ifindex
/usr/bin/ansible-vault                       /usr/bin/nl-link-release
/usr/bin/ansible-vault-2                     /usr/bin/nl-link-stats
/usr/bin/ansible-vault-2.7                   /usr/bin/nl-list-caches
/usr/bin/apropos                             /usr/bin/nl-neigh-add
/usr/bin/ar                                  /usr/bin/nl-qdisc-add
/usr/bin/arch                                /usr/bin/nl-route-add
/usr/bin/aria_chk                            /usr/bin/nl-util-addr
/usr/bin/aria_dump_log                       /usr/bin/nmap
/usr/bin/aria_ftdump                         /usr/bin/nmtui-hostname
/usr/bin/aria_pack                           /usr/bin/nsupdate
/usr/bin/aria_read_log                       /usr/bin/ntpstat
/usr/bin/as                                  /usr/bin/oLschema2ldif
/usr/bin/aserver                             /usr/bin/osage
/usr/bin/assistant-qt5                       /usr/bin/pacat
/usr/bin/at                                  /usr/bin/package-cleanup
/usr/bin/atq                                 /usr/bin/pacmd
/usr/bin/atrm                                /usr/bin/pactl
/usr/bin/aulast                              /usr/bin/padsp
/usr/bin/aulastlog                           /usr/bin/padsp-32
/usr/bin/ausyscall                           /usr/bin/page_owner_sort
/usr/bin/autoconf                            /usr/bin/pamon
/usr/bin/autoheader                          /usr/bin/pango-list
/usr/bin/autom4te                            /usr/bin/pango-querymodules-64
/usr/bin/automake                            /usr/bin/pango-view
/usr/bin/automake-1.13                       /usr/bin/paperconf
/usr/bin/autopoint                           /usr/bin/paplay
/usr/bin/autoreconf                          /usr/bin/parec
/usr/bin/autoscan                            /usr/bin/parecord
/usr/bin/autoupdate                          /usr/bin/passwd
/usr/bin/auvirt                              /usr/bin/paste
/usr/bin/awk                                 /usr/bin/pasuspender
/usr/bin/base64                              /usr/bin/patch
/usr/bin/basename                            /usr/bin/patchwork
/usr/bin/bash                                /usr/bin/pathchk
/usr/bin/bashbug                             /usr/bin/pax
/usr/bin/bashbug-64                          /usr/bin/pax11publish
/usr/bin/batch                               /usr/bin/perlthanks
/usr/bin/bdftruncate                         /usr/bin/pf2afm
/usr/bin/bond2team                           /usr/bin/pfbtopfa
/usr/bin/byacc                               /usr/bin/pflags
/usr/bin/bzcat                               /usr/bin/pgawk
/usr/bin/cairo-sphinx                        /usr/bin/pidstat
/usr/bin/cal                                 /usr/bin/pkaction
/usr/bin/ca-legacy                           /usr/bin/pkla-admin-identities
/usr/bin/cancel                              /usr/bin/pkla-check-authorization
/usr/bin/cancel.cups                         /usr/bin/pkttyagent
/usr/bin/captoinfo                           /usr/bin/pmap
/usr/bin/cat                                 /usr/bin/pod2latex
/usr/bin/catchsegv                           /usr/bin/pod2man
/usr/bin/catman                              /usr/bin/pod2usage
/usr/bin/ccache-swig                         /usr/bin/printafm
/usr/bin/ccmake                              /usr/bin/prtstat
/usr/bin/cdda-player                         /usr/bin/ps2ascii
/usr/bin/cd-paranoia                         /usr/bin/psfaddtable
/usr/bin/cd-read                             /usr/bin/psfgettable
/usr/bin/chacl                               /usr/bin/psfstriptable
/usr/bin/chage                               /usr/bin/psfxtable
/usr/bin/chardetect                          /usr/bin/pstack
/usr/bin/chardetect-3                        /usr/bin/ptar
/usr/bin/chardetect-3.6                      /usr/bin/ptardiff
/usr/bin/chattr                              /usr/bin/ptargrep
/usr/bin/chrpath                             /usr/bin/ptaskset
/usr/bin/cifsiostat                          /usr/bin/pulseaudio
/usr/bin/clear                               /usr/bin/pwmake
/usr/bin/cmake                               /usr/bin/pyalacarte
/usr/bin/command                             /usr/bin/pyalamode
/usr/bin/compare                             /usr/bin/pywrap
/usr/bin/cpack                               /usr/bin/qcollectiongenerator-qt5
/usr/bin/cpan                                /usr/bin/qhelpgenerator-qt5
/usr/bin/cpan-mirrors                        /usr/bin/qlalr
/usr/bin/crontab                             /usr/bin/qmake-qt5
/usr/bin/ctags                               /usr/bin/qmlcachegen
/usr/bin/date                                /usr/bin/qmleasing
/usr/bin/db_archive                          /usr/bin/qmlimportscanner
/usr/bin/db_deadlock                         /usr/bin/qtattributionsscanner
/usr/bin/db_hotbackup                        /usr/bin/qtdiag
/usr/bin/db_load                             /usr/bin/qtpaths
/usr/bin/db_replicate                        /usr/bin/quakestat
/usr/bin/db_stat                             /usr/bin/quota
/usr/bin/db_upgrade                          /usr/bin/quotasync
/usr/bin/dbus-cleanup-sockets                /usr/bin/ranlib
/usr/bin/dbus-daemon                         /usr/bin/raw
/usr/bin/dbus-launch                         /usr/bin/rcsclean
/usr/bin/dbus-update-activation-environment  /usr/bin/read
/usr/bin/dbwrap_tool                         /usr/bin/readelf
/usr/bin/deallocvt                           /usr/bin/readlink
/usr/bin/debuginfo-install                   /usr/bin/realpath
/usr/bin/desktop-file-install                /usr/bin/recode-sr-latin
/usr/bin/desktop-file-validate               /usr/bin/redhat_lsb_init
/usr/bin/dgawk                               /usr/bin/regpatch
/usr/bin/diffstat                            /usr/bin/rename
/usr/bin/dijkstra                            /usr/bin/repo-graph
/usr/bin/dirname                             /usr/bin/repomanage
/usr/bin/display                             /usr/bin/repotrack
/usr/bin/dmtcp_command                       /usr/bin/rescan-scsi-bus.sh
/usr/bin/dmtcp_coordinator                   /usr/bin/rmail
/usr/bin/dmtcp_launch                        /usr/bin/rmail.postfix
/usr/bin/dmtcp_restart                       /usr/bin/rnano
/usr/bin/dmtcp_rm_loclaunch                  /usr/bin/rrdcached
/usr/bin/dnsdomainname                       /usr/bin/rrdcreate
/usr/bin/domainname                          /usr/bin/rrdupdate
/usr/bin/dracut                              /usr/bin/run-parts
/usr/bin/dtrace                              /usr/bin/sacct
/usr/bin/easy_install                        /usr/bin/sacctmgr
/usr/bin/easy_install-2.7                    /usr/bin/sadf
/usr/bin/easy_install-3.6                    /usr/bin/salloc
/usr/bin/editra                              /usr/bin/_salloc
/usr/bin/emacs                               /usr/bin/samba-regedit
/usr/bin/emacs-24.3                          /usr/bin/sar
/usr/bin/emacsclient                         /usr/bin/sattach
/usr/bin/enchant                             /usr/bin/sbatch
/usr/bin/enchant-lsmod                       /usr/bin/sbcast
/usr/bin/encode_keychange                    /usr/bin/scancel
/usr/bin/etags                               /usr/bin/sccmap
/usr/bin/etags.emacs                         /usr/bin/scriptreplay
/usr/bin/eu-addr2line                        /usr/bin/scrontab
/usr/bin/eu-ar                               /usr/bin/scsi_mandat
/usr/bin/eu-make-debug-archive               /usr/bin/scsi_readcap
/usr/bin/eu-ranlib                           /usr/bin/scsi_ready
/usr/bin/eu-readelf                          /usr/bin/scsi-rescan
/usr/bin/eu-stack                            /usr/bin/scsi_satl
/usr/bin/expand                              /usr/bin/scsi_start
/usr/bin/factor                              /usr/bin/scsi_temperature
/usr/bin/fail2ban-client                     /usr/bin/sdiag
/usr/bin/fail2ban-python                     /usr/bin/sdpscanner
/usr/bin/fail2ban-regex                      /usr/bin/setarch
/usr/bin/fail2ban-server                     /usr/bin/setfacl
/usr/bin/fallocate                           /usr/bin/setmetamode
/usr/bin/false                               /usr/bin/setxkbmap
/usr/bin/fc-cache                            /usr/bin/sgather
/usr/bin/fc-cache-64                         /usr/bin/sg_compare_and_write
/usr/bin/fc-cat                              /usr/bin/sg_emc_trespass
/usr/bin/fc-match                            /usr/bin/sg_format
/usr/bin/fc-pattern                          /usr/bin/sg_get_lba_status
/usr/bin/fc-scan                             /usr/bin/sg_map
/usr/bin/fc-validate                         /usr/bin/sg_map26
/usr/bin/find-repos-of-install               /usr/bin/sg_raw
/usr/bin/fipshmac                            /usr/bin/sg_rdac
/usr/bin/firewall-cmd                        /usr/bin/sg_read
/usr/bin/firewall-offline-cmd                /usr/bin/sg_read_block_limits
/usr/bin/fixqt4headers.pl                    /usr/bin/sg_read_buffer
/usr/bin/foomatic-rip                        /usr/bin/sg_readcap
/usr/bin/gapplication                        /usr/bin/sg_read_long
/usr/bin/gawk                                /usr/bin/sg_reassign
/usr/bin/gcc-ar                              /usr/bin/sg_referrals
/usr/bin/gcc-ranlib                          /usr/bin/sg_safte
/usr/bin/gctags                              /usr/bin/sg_sanitize
/usr/bin/gdb-add-index                       /usr/bin/sg_sat_identify
/usr/bin/gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-64         /usr/bin/sg_sat_phy_event
/usr/bin/gdk-pixbuf-thumbnailer              /usr/bin/sg_sat_set_features
/usr/bin/gencat                              /usr/bin/sg_scan
/usr/bin/geoipupdate                         /usr/bin/sg_senddiag
/usr/bin/getfacl                             /usr/bin/sg_start
/usr/bin/gfortran                            /usr/bin/sg_unmap
/usr/bin/git-receive-pack                    /usr/bin/sg_write_same
/usr/bin/git-upload-archive                  /usr/bin/sha1sum
/usr/bin/git-upload-pack                     /usr/bin/sha224sum
/usr/bin/glib-compile-schemas                /usr/bin/sha256sum
/usr/bin/glib-genmarshal                     /usr/bin/sha384sum
/usr/bin/glxgears                            /usr/bin/sha512sum
/usr/bin/gmake                               /usr/bin/sharesec
/usr/bin/gnome-keyring-daemon                /usr/bin/shasum
/usr/bin/google-chrome-stable                /usr/bin/show-changed-rco
/usr/bin/gpasswd                             /usr/bin/show-installed
/usr/bin/gpg-agent                           /usr/bin/sjstat
/usr/bin/gpg-connect-agent                   /usr/bin/slabinfo
/usr/bin/gpgparsemail                        /usr/bin/slabtop
/usr/bin/graphml2gv                          /usr/bin/smail
/usr/bin/grep-changelog                      /usr/bin/smbcacls
/usr/bin/grub2-mkimage                       /usr/bin/smbcquotas
/usr/bin/grub2-mklayout                      /usr/bin/smbpasswd
/usr/bin/grub2-mkpasswd-pbkdf2               /usr/bin/smbtar
/usr/bin/grub2-mkrelpath                     /usr/bin/snmpbulkwalk
/usr/bin/grub2-mkstandalone                  /usr/bin/snmpdelta
/usr/bin/grub2-render-label                  /usr/bin/snmpnetstat
/usr/bin/gsettings-data-convert              /usr/bin/snmpstatus
/usr/bin/gsl-histogram                       /usr/bin/snmptable
/usr/bin/gsl-randist                         /usr/bin/snmptranslate
/usr/bin/gstack                              /usr/bin/snmptrap
/usr/bin/gstat                               /usr/bin/snmpvacm
/usr/bin/gst-feedback                        /usr/bin/snmpwalk
/usr/bin/gst-feedback-0.10                   /usr/bin/spax
/usr/bin/gst-launch                          /usr/bin/splain
/usr/bin/gst-launch-0.10                     /usr/bin/ssh-add
/usr/bin/gst-launch-1.0                      /usr/bin/ssh-agent
/usr/bin/gst-stats-1.0                       /usr/bin/sshare
/usr/bin/gst-xmllaunch                       /usr/bin/ssh-keyscan
/usr/bin/gst-xmllaunch-0.10                  /usr/bin/sshpass
/usr/bin/gtar                                /usr/bin/ssltap
/usr/bin/gtk-launch                          /usr/bin/sstat
/usr/bin/gtk-update-icon-cache               /usr/bin/stap
/usr/bin/gvfs-cat                            /usr/bin/stapbpf
/usr/bin/gvfs-rename                         /usr/bin/stapdyn
/usr/bin/gvfs-save                           /usr/bin/stap-merge
/usr/bin/gvfs-set-attribute                  /usr/bin/stap-prep
/usr/bin/gvfs-trash                          /usr/bin/stap-report
/usr/bin/gvmap                               /usr/bin/staprun
/usr/bin/gvmap.sh                            /usr/bin/stapsh
/usr/bin/gvpack                              /usr/bin/start-pulseaudio-x11
/usr/bin/h5jam                               /usr/bin/startx
/usr/bin/h5perf_serial                       /usr/bin/stat
/usr/bin/h5repack                            /usr/bin/strace
/usr/bin/h5repart                            /usr/bin/strace-log-merge
/usr/bin/h5stat                              /usr/bin/stream
/usr/bin/h5unjam                             /usr/bin/sudoreplay
/usr/bin/hdsploader                          /usr/bin/svnadmin
/usr/bin/head                                /usr/bin/syndaemon
/usr/bin/hostname                            /usr/bin/systemd-analyze
/usr/bin/hostnamectl                         /usr/bin/systemd-ask-password
/usr/bin/ib_acme                             /usr/bin/systemd-cat
/usr/bin/iceauth                             /usr/bin/systemd-delta
/usr/bin/idiag-socket-details                /usr/bin/systemd-escape
/usr/bin/ifnames                             /usr/bin/systemd-machine-id-setup
/usr/bin/igawk                               /usr/bin/systemd-nspawn
/usr/bin/infotocap                           /usr/bin/systemd-path
/usr/bin/install                             /usr/bin/systemd-tty-ask-password-agent
/usr/bin/intltool-extract                    /usr/bin/tabs
/usr/bin/intltool-prepare                    /usr/bin/tac
/usr/bin/intltool-update                     /usr/bin/tail
/usr/bin/iostat                              /usr/bin/tailf
/usr/bin/ipcalc                              /usr/bin/tapestat
/usr/bin/ipmilan                             /usr/bin/tar
/usr/bin/iptables-xml                        /usr/bin/taskset
/usr/bin/isdv4-serial-inputattach            /usr/bin/tcptraceroute
/usr/bin/iso-read                            /usr/bin/teamd
/usr/bin/journalctl                          /usr/bin/teamdctl
/usr/bin/kadmin                              /usr/bin/teamnl
/usr/bin/kbdrate                             /usr/bin/testparm
/usr/bin/kernel-install                      /usr/bin/timedatectl
/usr/bin/killall                             /usr/bin/tload
/usr/bin/kpasswd                             /usr/bin/tracepath
/usr/bin/last                                /usr/bin/tracepath6
/usr/bin/lastb                               /usr/bin/traceroute
/usr/bin/lastlog                             /usr/bin/traceroute6
/usr/bin/ldapadd                             /usr/bin/truncate
/usr/bin/ldapcompare                         /usr/bin/turbostat
/usr/bin/ldapdelete                          /usr/bin/ucs2any
/usr/bin/ldapexop                            /usr/bin/ucx_read_profile
/usr/bin/ldapmodify                          /usr/bin/udevadm
/usr/bin/ldapmodrdn                          /usr/bin/umask
/usr/bin/ldappasswd                          /usr/bin/unalias
/usr/bin/ldapsearch                          /usr/bin/uname
/usr/bin/ldapurl                             /usr/bin/unexpand
/usr/bin/ldapwhoami                          /usr/bin/unflatten
/usr/bin/libbluray_test                      /usr/bin/unicode_start
/usr/bin/lneato                              /usr/bin/unix2mac
/usr/bin/loadkeys                            /usr/bin/unshare
/usr/bin/loadunimap                          /usr/bin/unwrapdiff
/usr/bin/locale                              /usr/bin/update-ca-trust
/usr/bin/localectl                           /usr/bin/updatedb
/usr/bin/localedef                           /usr/bin/update-desktop-database
/usr/bin/locate                              /usr/bin/update-gtk-immodules
/usr/bin/logname                             /usr/bin/update-mime-database
/usr/bin/lppasswd                            /usr/bin/urlgrabber
/usr/bin/lpstat                              /usr/bin/usx2yloader
/usr/bin/lpstat.cups                         /usr/bin/vmstat
/usr/bin/lrelease-qt5                        /usr/bin/vxloader
/usr/bin/lsattr                              /usr/bin/wait
/usr/bin/lsb_release                         /usr/bin/wall
/usr/bin/lua                                 /usr/bin/watch
/usr/bin/luac                                /usr/bin/watchgnupg
/usr/bin/lupdate-qt5                         /usr/bin/whatis
/usr/bin/lwp-download                        /usr/bin/whiptail
/usr/bin/lz4cat                              /usr/bin/whoami
/usr/bin/mac2unix                            /usr/bin/x86_64-redhat-linux-c++
/usr/bin/machinectl                          /usr/bin/x86_64-redhat-linux-g++
/usr/bin/mail                                /usr/bin/x86_64-redhat-linux-gcc
/usr/bin/Mail                                /usr/bin/xargs
/usr/bin/mailq                               /usr/bin/xauth
/usr/bin/mailq.postfix                       /usr/bin/xclipboard
/usr/bin/mailx                               /usr/bin/xdg-email
/usr/bin/make                                /usr/bin/xdg-screensaver
/usr/bin/makedb                              /usr/bin/xgamma
/usr/bin/man                                 /usr/bin/xload
/usr/bin/mandb                               /usr/bin/xlsatoms
/usr/bin/manpath                             /usr/bin/xmag
/usr/bin/mapscrn                             /usr/bin/xmessage
/usr/bin/mixartloader                        /usr/bin/xmlcatalog
/usr/bin/mkfontscale                         /usr/bin/xmodmap
/usr/bin/montage                             /usr/bin/xorg-x11-fonts-update-dirs
/usr/bin/mpstat                              /usr/bin/xrandr
/usr/bin/msgattrib                           /usr/bin/xsetwacom
/usr/bin/msgcat                              /usr/bin/xstdcmap
/usr/bin/msghack                             /usr/bin/xzcat
/usr/bin/mtcp_restart                        /usr/bin/yacc
/usr/bin/mvxattr                             /usr/bin/ypcat
/usr/bin/my_print_defaults                   /usr/bin/ypdomainname
/usr/bin/mysqlaccess                         /usr/bin/ypmatch
/usr/bin/mysqladmin                          /usr/bin/yppasswd
/usr/bin/mysqlslap                           /usr/bin/yum-config-manager
/usr/bin/mysql_waitpid                       /usr/bin/yumdownloader
/usr/bin/nail                                /usr/bin/yum-groups-manager
/usr/bin/namei                               /usr/bin/zabbix_get
/usr/bin/nano                                /usr/bin/zabbix_sender
/usr/bin/ncap2                               /usr/bin/zcat
/usr/bin/ncat                                /usr/bin/zipcloak
/usr/bin/ncatted                             /usr/bin/zipdetails
/usr/bin/ncea
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /usr/bin*o
ls: cannot access /usr/bin*o: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ ls /usr/bin/*o
/usr/bin/bd_info    /usr/bin/gvfs-info  /usr/bin/ncclimo           /usr/bin/sprio
/usr/bin/captoinfo  /usr/bin/info       /usr/bin/neato             /usr/bin/sudo
/usr/bin/cd-info    /usr/bin/iso-info   /usr/bin/pulseaudio        /usr/bin/ucx_info
/usr/bin/circo      /usr/bin/kbdinfo    /usr/bin/rnano             /usr/bin/who
/usr/bin/co         /usr/bin/kvno       /usr/bin/rpm2cpio          /usr/bin/xdpyinfo
/usr/bin/cpio       /usr/bin/lessecho   /usr/bin/rrdinfo           /usr/bin/xdriinfo
/usr/bin/echo       /usr/bin/lneato     /usr/bin/sginfo            /usr/bin/xlogo
/usr/bin/fi_info    /usr/bin/mkfifo     /usr/bin/show-changed-rco  /usr/bin/xvinfo
/usr/bin/gio        /usr/bin/nano       /usr/bin/sinfo             /usr/bin/xwininfo
/usr/bin/glxinfo    /usr/bin/ncbo       /usr/bin/slabinfo          /usr/bin/zipinfo
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ echo *.fastq
*.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 ~]$ cd /scratch/hudson.ka/
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ echo *.fastq
*.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 hudson.ka]$ cd MarineGenomics/
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ echo *.fastq
*.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls
MarineGenomics  week1  week2.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ cd MarineGenomics/week2/
[hudson.ka@login-01 week2]$ echo *.fastq
*.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 week2]$ ls
sra_metadata  TableS2_QTL_Bay_2017.txt  untrimmed_fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 week2]$ cd ..
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls
week2
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ cd ..
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls
MarineGenomics  week1  week2.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ cd week1
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ ls
SRR6805880_1.fastq  SRR6805880_2.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ echo *.fastq
SRR6805880_1.fastq SRR6805880_2.fastq
(reverse-i-search)`':
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ history
    1  pwd
    2  mkdir Biol3411_Assignments
    3  ls
    4  cd
    5  ls
    6  pwd
    7  ls
    8  ls /onedemand/
    9  ls /ondemand/
   10  ls ~/ondemand/
   11  pwd
   12  ls /
   13  pwd
   14  mkdir Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   15  ls Biol3411_Assignments
   16  cd Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   17  pwd
   18  mkdir Outer_directory
   19  cd Outer_directory
   20  pwd
   21  mkdir Inner_directory
   22  cd Inner_directory
   23  pwd
   24  mkdir -h
   25  mkdir --help
   26  man ls
   27  man man
   28  cd /
   29  cd home
   30  cd hudson.ka
   31  pwd
   32  cd /home/hudson.ka/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   33  pwd
   34  cd /home/hudson.ka
   35  pwd
   36  cd /home/hudson.ka/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   37  cd ..
   38  cd /home/hudson.ka/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   39  cd ../../..
   40  pwd
   41  cd /home/hudson.ka/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   42  cd ../../../../tmp
   43  pwd
   44  cd /
   45  pwd
   46  cd ~
   47  pwd
   48  cd
   49  pwd
   50  cd -
   51  pwd
   52  cd /
   53  pwd
   54  cd
   55  pwd
   56  cd /
   57  cd ~/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   58  pwd
   59  cd Outer_directory
   60  pwd
   61  ls ../../
   62  ls -l /home
   63  ls -l /home/hudson.ka
   64  ls -R /home/hudson.ka
   65  ls -l -t -r /home/hudson.ka
   66  ls -lh /home/hudson.ka
   67  cd ~/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/Outer_directory
   68  pwd
   69  rmdir Inner_dictionary/
   70  ls
   71  rmdir Inner_directory/
   72  ls
   73  cd ..
   74  pwd
   75  rmdir Outer_directory/
   76  ls
   77  mkdir --help
   78  mkdir -p Outer_directory/Inner_directory
   79  ls
   80  cd Outer_directory
   81  ls
   82  cd ../../
   83  cd Learning_unix
   84  pwd
   85  rmdir Outer_directory/
   86  rmdir --help
   87  man rmdir
   88  rmdir Outer_directory/Inner_directory Inner_directory
   89  ls
   90  ls Outer_directory
   91  mkdir Outer_directory/Inner_directory
   92  ls
   93  ls Outer_directory
   94  pwd
   95  cd ..
   96  rmdir-p  Learning_unix/Outer_directory/Inner_directory
   97  rmdir -p Learning_unix/Outer_directory/Inner_directory
   98  ls
   99  cd ~
  100  pwd
  101  cd Biol3411_Assignments
  102  cd Learning_unix
  103  ls Biol3411_Assignments
  104  cd ..
  105  ls Biol3411_Assignments
  106  mkdir Learning_unix
  107  ls Biol3411_Assignments
  108  pwd
  109  ls
  110  rmdir Learning_unix
  111  ls
  112  mkdir Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
  113  ls
  114  cd Biol3411_Assignments
  115  ls
  116  cd ~
  117  pwd
  118  cd Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
  119  pwd
  120  history
  121  pwd
  122  cd /
  123  pwd
  124  /courses/BIOL3411.202430/
  125  ls
  126  cd courses/BIOL3411.202430/
  127  ls
  128  cd shared/
  129  ls
  130  cat DNA_names
  131  cat DNA_names | tr 'U' 'T' > DNA_updated_names
  132  cd ~
  133  pwd
  134  cd /courses/BIOL3411.202430/shared/
  135  ls
  136  cp DNA_names ~
  137  cd ~
  138  ls
  139  cat DNA_names
  140  cat DNA_names | tr 'U' 'T' > DNA_updated_names
  141  ls
  142  cat DNA_updated_names
  143  cat DNA_names
  144  module avail
  145  module load emboss/6.6.0
  146  transeq DNA_updated_names DNA_translation
  147  cat DNA_translation
  148  pwd
  149  ls
  150  cd Biol3411_Assignments/
  151  ls
  152  cd Learning_unix/
  153  touch red_fish.txt
  154  touch blue_fish.txt
  155  ls
  156  touch one_fish.txt two_fish.txt
  157  ls
  158  mkdir colors
  159  ls
  160  mv red_fish.txt colors/
  161  vs blue_fish.txt colors/
  162  mv blue_fish.txt colors/
  163  ls
  164  ls colors
  165  mkdir counts
  166  mv one_fish.txt two_fish.txt counts/
  167  ls
  168  ls counts
  169  touch rags
  170  ls
  171  mv rags counts/riches
  172  ls
  173  ls counts/
  174  ls counts/riches
  175  ls counts/one_fish.txt
  176  mv counts/riches counts/rags
  177  ls counts
  178  mkdir fish
  179  mv counts/ fish/
  180  ls -R
  181  mkdir net
  182  cd
  183  pwd
  184  ls
  185  mv Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/fish/ Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/net
  186  ls Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/
  187  ls Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/net/
  188  cd Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/net/fish/counts/
  189  ls
  190  rm -i one_fish.txt rags two_fish.txt
  191  ls
  192  cd ../..
  193  cd ..
  194  ls
  195  rmdir -p net/fish/counts/
  196  rm -ir colors/
  197  touch file1
  198  cp file1 file2
  199  ls
  200  touch ~/file3
  201  ls ~
  202  cp ~/file3 .
  203  ls
  204  ls .
  205  ls ./
  206  rm -i file1 file2 file3
  207  ls
  208  cp --help
  209  man cp
  210  touch file1 file2 file3
  211  ls
  212  mkdir filing_cabinet
  213  ls
  214  mv file? filing_cabinet/
  215  ls
  216  ls filing_cabinet/
  217  cp -r filing_cabinet/ trash_can/
  218  ls
  219  ls trash_can/
  220  ls filing_cabinet/
  221  rm -i filing_cabinet/ trash_can/
  222  rm -ir filing_cabinet/ trash_can/
  223  ls
  224  echo "Call me Kayla."
  225  echo "Call me Kayla." > opening_lines.txt
  226  ls
  227  less opening_lines.txt
  228  echo "The primroses were over." >> opening_lines.txt
  229  cat opening_lines.txt
  230  cat --help
  231  cat opening_lines.txt ? file_copy.txt
  232  cat opening_lines.txt > file_copy.txt
  233  ls
  234  cat file_copy.txt
  235  cat opening_lines.txt
  236  ls
  237  ls -l
  238  wc opening_lines.txt
  239  wc -l opening_lines.txt
  240  nano opening_lines.txt
  241  cat opening_lines.txt
  242  nano opening_lines.txt
  243  cat opening_lines.txt
  244  echo $USER
  245  echo $HOME
  246  echo $PATH
  247  nano opening_lines.txt
  248  cat opening_lines.txt
  249  grep was opening_lines.txt
  250  grep -v was opening_lines.txt
  251  grep all opening_lines.txt
  252  grep -i all opening_lines.txt
  253  grep in opening_lines.txt
  254  grep -w in opening_lines.txt
  255  grep -w o.. in opening_lines.txt
  256  grep -w -i [aeiou]t opening_lines.txt
  257  grep was opening_lines.txt | wc -c
  258  grep was opening_lines.txt | sort | head -n 3 | wc -c
  259  ls /
  260  cd
  261  cd /courses/BIOL3411.202430/students/
  262  ls
  263  mkdir hudson.ka/assignments
  264  ls
  265  ls hudson.ka/
  266  ls -l hudson.ka/
  267  cd /courses/BIOL3411.202430/
  268  ls
  269  cd students
  270  ls
  271  ls hudson.ka/
  272  ls hudson.ka/assignments/
  273  cd hudson.ka/assignments/
  274  ls
  275  ls -l learning_unix_1-14_biol3411.txt
  276  ls -l learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  277  ls -l learning_unix_19-28_biol3411.txt
  278  cat learning_unix_1-14_biol3411.txt
  279  cat | head learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  280  cat | head -n 25  learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  281  ls
  282  cat learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  283  nano learning_unix_1-14_biol3411.txt
  284  nano learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  285  nano learning_unix_19-28_biol3411.txt
  286  cd /courses/BIOL3411.202430/students/hudson.ka/
  287  ls
  288  ls -l assignments/
  289  cd ..
  290  ls -l hudson.ka/
  291  pwd
  292  q
  293  ls
  294  ls Biol3411_Assignments/
  295  cat DNA_updated_names
  296  cat DNA_names
  297  echo "UGCGCUAGAACUGAAAGA" >> DNA_names
  298  cat DNA_names
  299  nano DNA_names
  300  echo "GCUAAUAUUAAAGCU" >> DNA_names
  301  cat DNA_names
  302  cat DNA_names | tr "U" "T" > DNA_updated_names_addition
  303  cat DNA_updated_names_addition
  304  ls
  305  pwd
  306  cd ..
  307  pwd
  308  cd /courses
  309  ls
  310  cd BIOL3411.202430/
  311  ls
  312  cd students/hudson.ka
  313  pwd
  314  ls
  315  cat DNA_updated_names_addition
  316  nano DNA_updated_names_addition
  317  module list
  318  module avail
  319  module load emboss/6.6.0
  320  module list
  321  transeq DNA_updated_names_addition AA_names
  322  cat AA_names
  323  nano AA_names
  324  ls
  325  mkdir class_examples
  326  ls
  327  nano AA_names
  328  nano DNA_updated_names_addition
  329  awk "{print ">" NR; print $0}" DNA_updated_names_addition > DNA_names.fa
  330  awk '{print ">" NR; print $0}' DNA_updated_names_addition > DNA_names.fa
  331  ls
  332  cat DNA_names.fa
  333  module list
  334  transeq DNA_names.fa AA_names
  335  cat AA_names
  336  cd /scratch/
  337  hudson.ka/
  338  ls
  339  cd hudson.ka/
  340  ls
  341  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BayLab/MarineGenomicsData/main/week1.tar.gz
  342  tar -xzvf week1.tar.gz
  343  ls -F
  344  ls
  345  cd MarineGenomics/
  346  ls -F
  347  cd week1/
  348  ls -F
  349  man las
  350  man ls
  351  ls -l
  352  pwd
  353  ls -F
  354  cd
  355  ls
  356  cd /scratch/hudson.ka/MarineGenomics/
  357  ls
  358  cd week1/
  359  cd MarineGenomics
  360  cd ..
  361  pwd
  362  ls
  363  cd ..
  364  pwd
  365  ls
  366  man ls
  367  ls -a
  368  man ls
  369  ls --all
  370  ls -a -F
  371  ls MarineGenomics/
  372  ls -aF MarineGenomics/
  373  cd MarineGenomics/week1/
  374  cd ../..
  375  pwd
  376  ls -aF MarineGenomics/week1/
  377  cd ~
  378  pwd
  379  cd /scratch/hudson.ka/MarineGenomics/week1/
  380  cd
  381  cd /scratch/hudson.ka/
  382  cd MarineGenomics/week1/
  383  cd ..
  384  ls ~
  385  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BayLab/MarineGenomicsData/main/week2.tar.gz
  386  tar -xzvf week2.tar.gz
  387  ls
  388  ls MarineGenomics/
  389  ls week2
  390  ls MarineGenomics/week2/
  391  cd MarineGenomics/week2/untrimmed_fastq/
  392  ls *.fastq
  393  ls /usr/bin*.sh
  394  cd ~
  395  ls /usr/bin*.sh
  396  ls ?
  397  ls /
  398  ls /usr
  399  ls /usr/bin/c
  400  ls usr/bin
  401  ls /usr/bin
  402  ls /usr/bin/c*
  403  ls /usr/bin/*a*
  404  ls /usr/bin*o
  405  ls /usr/bin/*o
  406  echo *.fastq
  407  cd /scratch/hudson.ka/
  408  echo *.fastq
  409  cd MarineGenomics/
  410  echo *.fastq
  411  ls
  412  cd MarineGenomics/week2/
  413  echo *.fastq
  414  ls
  415  cd ..
  416  ls
  417  cd ..
  418  ls
  419  cd week1
  420  ls
  421  echo *.fastq
  422  history
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ !422
history
    1  pwd
    2  mkdir Biol3411_Assignments
    3  ls
    4  cd
    5  ls
    6  pwd
    7  ls
    8  ls /onedemand/
    9  ls /ondemand/
   10  ls ~/ondemand/
   11  pwd
   12  ls /
   13  pwd
   14  mkdir Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   15  ls Biol3411_Assignments
   16  cd Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   17  pwd
   18  mkdir Outer_directory
   19  cd Outer_directory
   20  pwd
   21  mkdir Inner_directory
   22  cd Inner_directory
   23  pwd
   24  mkdir -h
   25  mkdir --help
   26  man ls
   27  man man
   28  cd /
   29  cd home
   30  cd hudson.ka
   31  pwd
   32  cd /home/hudson.ka/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   33  pwd
   34  cd /home/hudson.ka
   35  pwd
   36  cd /home/hudson.ka/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   37  cd ..
   38  cd /home/hudson.ka/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   39  cd ../../..
   40  pwd
   41  cd /home/hudson.ka/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   42  cd ../../../../tmp
   43  pwd
   44  cd /
   45  pwd
   46  cd ~
   47  pwd
   48  cd
   49  pwd
   50  cd -
   51  pwd
   52  cd /
   53  pwd
   54  cd
   55  pwd
   56  cd /
   57  cd ~/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
   58  pwd
   59  cd Outer_directory
   60  pwd
   61  ls ../../
   62  ls -l /home
   63  ls -l /home/hudson.ka
   64  ls -R /home/hudson.ka
   65  ls -l -t -r /home/hudson.ka
   66  ls -lh /home/hudson.ka
   67  cd ~/Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/Outer_directory
   68  pwd
   69  rmdir Inner_dictionary/
   70  ls
   71  rmdir Inner_directory/
   72  ls
   73  cd ..
   74  pwd
   75  rmdir Outer_directory/
   76  ls
   77  mkdir --help
   78  mkdir -p Outer_directory/Inner_directory
   79  ls
   80  cd Outer_directory
   81  ls
   82  cd ../../
   83  cd Learning_unix
   84  pwd
   85  rmdir Outer_directory/
   86  rmdir --help
   87  man rmdir
   88  rmdir Outer_directory/Inner_directory Inner_directory
   89  ls
   90  ls Outer_directory
   91  mkdir Outer_directory/Inner_directory
   92  ls
   93  ls Outer_directory
   94  pwd
   95  cd ..
   96  rmdir-p  Learning_unix/Outer_directory/Inner_directory
   97  rmdir -p Learning_unix/Outer_directory/Inner_directory
   98  ls
   99  cd ~
  100  pwd
  101  cd Biol3411_Assignments
  102  cd Learning_unix
  103  ls Biol3411_Assignments
  104  cd ..
  105  ls Biol3411_Assignments
  106  mkdir Learning_unix
  107  ls Biol3411_Assignments
  108  pwd
  109  ls
  110  rmdir Learning_unix
  111  ls
  112  mkdir Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
  113  ls
  114  cd Biol3411_Assignments
  115  ls
  116  cd ~
  117  pwd
  118  cd Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix
  119  pwd
  120  history
  121  pwd
  122  cd /
  123  pwd
  124  /courses/BIOL3411.202430/
  125  ls
  126  cd courses/BIOL3411.202430/
  127  ls
  128  cd shared/
  129  ls
  130  cat DNA_names
  131  cat DNA_names | tr 'U' 'T' > DNA_updated_names
  132  cd ~
  133  pwd
  134  cd /courses/BIOL3411.202430/shared/
  135  ls
  136  cp DNA_names ~
  137  cd ~
  138  ls
  139  cat DNA_names
  140  cat DNA_names | tr 'U' 'T' > DNA_updated_names
  141  ls
  142  cat DNA_updated_names
  143  cat DNA_names
  144  module avail
  145  module load emboss/6.6.0
  146  transeq DNA_updated_names DNA_translation
  147  cat DNA_translation
  148  pwd
  149  ls
  150  cd Biol3411_Assignments/
  151  ls
  152  cd Learning_unix/
  153  touch red_fish.txt
  154  touch blue_fish.txt
  155  ls
  156  touch one_fish.txt two_fish.txt
  157  ls
  158  mkdir colors
  159  ls
  160  mv red_fish.txt colors/
  161  vs blue_fish.txt colors/
  162  mv blue_fish.txt colors/
  163  ls
  164  ls colors
  165  mkdir counts
  166  mv one_fish.txt two_fish.txt counts/
  167  ls
  168  ls counts
  169  touch rags
  170  ls
  171  mv rags counts/riches
  172  ls
  173  ls counts/
  174  ls counts/riches
  175  ls counts/one_fish.txt
  176  mv counts/riches counts/rags
  177  ls counts
  178  mkdir fish
  179  mv counts/ fish/
  180  ls -R
  181  mkdir net
  182  cd
  183  pwd
  184  ls
  185  mv Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/fish/ Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/net
  186  ls Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/
  187  ls Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/net/
  188  cd Biol3411_Assignments/Learning_unix/net/fish/counts/
  189  ls
  190  rm -i one_fish.txt rags two_fish.txt
  191  ls
  192  cd ../..
  193  cd ..
  194  ls
  195  rmdir -p net/fish/counts/
  196  rm -ir colors/
  197  touch file1
  198  cp file1 file2
  199  ls
  200  touch ~/file3
  201  ls ~
  202  cp ~/file3 .
  203  ls
  204  ls .
  205  ls ./
  206  rm -i file1 file2 file3
  207  ls
  208  cp --help
  209  man cp
  210  touch file1 file2 file3
  211  ls
  212  mkdir filing_cabinet
  213  ls
  214  mv file? filing_cabinet/
  215  ls
  216  ls filing_cabinet/
  217  cp -r filing_cabinet/ trash_can/
  218  ls
  219  ls trash_can/
  220  ls filing_cabinet/
  221  rm -i filing_cabinet/ trash_can/
  222  rm -ir filing_cabinet/ trash_can/
  223  ls
  224  echo "Call me Kayla."
  225  echo "Call me Kayla." > opening_lines.txt
  226  ls
  227  less opening_lines.txt
  228  echo "The primroses were over." >> opening_lines.txt
  229  cat opening_lines.txt
  230  cat --help
  231  cat opening_lines.txt ? file_copy.txt
  232  cat opening_lines.txt > file_copy.txt
  233  ls
  234  cat file_copy.txt
  235  cat opening_lines.txt
  236  ls
  237  ls -l
  238  wc opening_lines.txt
  239  wc -l opening_lines.txt
  240  nano opening_lines.txt
  241  cat opening_lines.txt
  242  nano opening_lines.txt
  243  cat opening_lines.txt
  244  echo $USER
  245  echo $HOME
  246  echo $PATH
  247  nano opening_lines.txt
  248  cat opening_lines.txt
  249  grep was opening_lines.txt
  250  grep -v was opening_lines.txt
  251  grep all opening_lines.txt
  252  grep -i all opening_lines.txt
  253  grep in opening_lines.txt
  254  grep -w in opening_lines.txt
  255  grep -w o.. in opening_lines.txt
  256  grep -w -i [aeiou]t opening_lines.txt
  257  grep was opening_lines.txt | wc -c
  258  grep was opening_lines.txt | sort | head -n 3 | wc -c
  259  ls /
  260  cd
  261  cd /courses/BIOL3411.202430/students/
  262  ls
  263  mkdir hudson.ka/assignments
  264  ls
  265  ls hudson.ka/
  266  ls -l hudson.ka/
  267  cd /courses/BIOL3411.202430/
  268  ls
  269  cd students
  270  ls
  271  ls hudson.ka/
  272  ls hudson.ka/assignments/
  273  cd hudson.ka/assignments/
  274  ls
  275  ls -l learning_unix_1-14_biol3411.txt
  276  ls -l learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  277  ls -l learning_unix_19-28_biol3411.txt
  278  cat learning_unix_1-14_biol3411.txt
  279  cat | head learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  280  cat | head -n 25  learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  281  ls
  282  cat learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  283  nano learning_unix_1-14_biol3411.txt
  284  nano learning_unix_15-18_biol3411.txt
  285  nano learning_unix_19-28_biol3411.txt
  286  cd /courses/BIOL3411.202430/students/hudson.ka/
  287  ls
  288  ls -l assignments/
  289  cd ..
  290  ls -l hudson.ka/
  291  pwd
  292  q
  293  ls
  294  ls Biol3411_Assignments/
  295  cat DNA_updated_names
  296  cat DNA_names
  297  echo "UGCGCUAGAACUGAAAGA" >> DNA_names
  298  cat DNA_names
  299  nano DNA_names
  300  echo "GCUAAUAUUAAAGCU" >> DNA_names
  301  cat DNA_names
  302  cat DNA_names | tr "U" "T" > DNA_updated_names_addition
  303  cat DNA_updated_names_addition
  304  ls
  305  pwd
  306  cd ..
  307  pwd
  308  cd /courses
  309  ls
  310  cd BIOL3411.202430/
  311  ls
  312  cd students/hudson.ka
  313  pwd
  314  ls
  315  cat DNA_updated_names_addition
  316  nano DNA_updated_names_addition
  317  module list
  318  module avail
  319  module load emboss/6.6.0
  320  module list
  321  transeq DNA_updated_names_addition AA_names
  322  cat AA_names
  323  nano AA_names
  324  ls
  325  mkdir class_examples
  326  ls
  327  nano AA_names
  328  nano DNA_updated_names_addition
  329  awk "{print ">" NR; print $0}" DNA_updated_names_addition > DNA_names.fa
  330  awk '{print ">" NR; print $0}' DNA_updated_names_addition > DNA_names.fa
  331  ls
  332  cat DNA_names.fa
  333  module list
  334  transeq DNA_names.fa AA_names
  335  cat AA_names
  336  cd /scratch/
  337  hudson.ka/
  338  ls
  339  cd hudson.ka/
  340  ls
  341  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BayLab/MarineGenomicsData/main/week1.tar.gz
  342  tar -xzvf week1.tar.gz
  343  ls -F
  344  ls
  345  cd MarineGenomics/
  346  ls -F
  347  cd week1/
  348  ls -F
  349  man las
  350  man ls
  351  ls -l
  352  pwd
  353  ls -F
  354  cd
  355  ls
  356  cd /scratch/hudson.ka/MarineGenomics/
  357  ls
  358  cd week1/
  359  cd MarineGenomics
  360  cd ..
  361  pwd
  362  ls
  363  cd ..
  364  pwd
  365  ls
  366  man ls
  367  ls -a
  368  man ls
  369  ls --all
  370  ls -a -F
  371  ls MarineGenomics/
  372  ls -aF MarineGenomics/
  373  cd MarineGenomics/week1/
  374  cd ../..
  375  pwd
  376  ls -aF MarineGenomics/week1/
  377  cd ~
  378  pwd
  379  cd /scratch/hudson.ka/MarineGenomics/week1/
  380  cd
  381  cd /scratch/hudson.ka/
  382  cd MarineGenomics/week1/
  383  cd ..
  384  ls ~
  385  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BayLab/MarineGenomicsData/main/week2.tar.gz
  386  tar -xzvf week2.tar.gz
  387  ls
  388  ls MarineGenomics/
  389  ls week2
  390  ls MarineGenomics/week2/
  391  cd MarineGenomics/week2/untrimmed_fastq/
  392  ls *.fastq
  393  ls /usr/bin*.sh
  394  cd ~
  395  ls /usr/bin*.sh
  396  ls ?
  397  ls /
  398  ls /usr
  399  ls /usr/bin/c
  400  ls usr/bin
  401  ls /usr/bin
  402  ls /usr/bin/c*
  403  ls /usr/bin/*a*
  404  ls /usr/bin*o
  405  ls /usr/bin/*o
  406  echo *.fastq
  407  cd /scratch/hudson.ka/
  408  echo *.fastq
  409  cd MarineGenomics/
  410  echo *.fastq
  411  ls
  412  cd MarineGenomics/week2/
  413  echo *.fastq
  414  ls
  415  cd ..
  416  ls
  417  cd ..
  418  ls
  419  cd week1
  420  ls
  421  echo *.fastq
  422  history
[hudson.ka@login-01 week1]$ cd ..
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ ls
MarineGenomics  week1  week2.tar.gz
[hudson.ka@login-01 MarineGenomics]$ cd MarineGenomics/week2/
[hudson.ka@login-01 week2]$ ls
sra_metadata  TableS2_QTL_Bay_2017.txt  untrimmed_fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 week2]$ cd untrimmed_fastq/
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ ls
SRR097977.fastq  SRR098026.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ cat SRR098026.fastq
@SRR098026.1 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:968 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.1 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:968 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.2 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:312 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.2 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:312 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.3 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:570 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.3 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:570 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.4 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:758 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.4 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:758 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.5 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:874 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.5 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:874 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.6 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:176 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.6 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:176 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.7 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:206 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.7 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:206 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.8 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:227 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.8 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:227 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.9 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:262 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.9 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:262 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.10 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:500 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.10 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:500 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.11 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:542 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.11 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:542 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.12 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:573 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.12 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:573 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.13 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:578 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.13 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:578 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.14 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:639 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.14 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:639 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.15 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:721 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.15 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:721 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.16 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:742 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.16 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:742 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.17 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:814 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.17 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:814 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.18 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:852 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.18 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:852 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.19 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:940 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.19 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:940 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.20 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:979 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.20 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:979 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.21 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:982 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.21 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:982 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.22 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:999 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.22 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:999 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.23 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1005 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.23 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1005 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.24 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1009 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.24 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1009 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.25 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1027 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.25 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1027 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.26 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1062 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.26 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1062 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.27 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1134 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.27 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1134 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.28 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1203 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.28 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1203 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.29 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1300 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.29 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1300 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.30 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1310 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.30 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1310 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.31 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1452 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.31 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1452 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.32 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1466 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.32 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1466 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.33 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1571 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.33 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1571 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.34 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1618 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.34 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1618 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.35 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1654 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.35 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1654 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.36 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1670 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.36 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1670 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.37 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1716 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.37 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1716 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.38 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1746 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.38 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1746 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.39 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1762 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.39 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1762 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.40 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1879 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.40 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1879 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.41 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1896 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.41 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1896 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.42 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1914 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.42 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1914 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.43 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1941 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.43 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1941 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.44 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1983 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.44 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1983 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.45 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1987 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.45 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1987 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.46 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:2034 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.46 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:2034 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.47 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:215 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.47 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:215 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.48 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:145 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.48 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:145 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.49 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1593 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.49 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1593 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.50 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1583 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.50 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1583 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.51 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:120 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.51 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:120 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.52 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:158 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.52 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:158 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.53 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1588 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.53 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1588 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.54 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:257 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.54 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:257 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.55 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:513 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.55 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:513 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.56 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:558 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.56 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:558 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.57 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1382 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.57 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1382 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.58 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:454 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.58 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:454 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.59 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:324 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.59 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:324 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.60 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:546 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.60 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:546 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.61 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1862 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANCNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.61 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1862 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.62 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:7 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNANNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.62 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:7 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.63 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:50 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNGNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.63 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:50 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.64 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:56 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNGNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.64 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:56 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.65 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:210 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.65 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:210 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.66 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:287 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.66 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:287 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.67 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:335 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.67 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:335 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.68 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:347 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.68 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:347 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.69 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:428 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.69 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:428 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.70 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:473 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNGNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.70 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:473 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.71 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:576 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.71 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:576 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.72 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:679 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.72 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:679 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.73 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:691 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNGNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.73 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:691 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.74 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:912 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.74 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:912 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.75 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1047 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNGNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.75 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1047 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.76 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1052 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.76 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1052 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.77 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1100 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNTNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.77 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1100 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.78 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1112 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNANNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.78 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1112 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.79 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1131 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.79 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1131 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.80 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1168 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.80 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1168 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.81 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1200 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.81 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1200 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.82 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1251 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNCNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.82 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1251 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.83 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1268 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNTNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.83 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1268 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.84 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1281 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANGNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.84 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1281 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.85 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1340 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.85 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1340 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.86 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1372 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNCNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.86 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1372 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.87 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1400 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANCNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.87 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1400 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.88 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1425 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNGNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.88 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1425 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.89 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1437 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNANNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.89 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1437 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.90 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1682 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNCNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.90 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1682 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.91 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1690 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNGNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.91 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1690 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.92 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1751 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.92 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1751 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.93 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1906 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNCNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.93 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1906 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.94 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1928 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.94 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1928 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.95 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:2028 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.95 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:2028 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.96 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:365 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.96 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:365 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.97 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1779 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNGNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.97 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1779 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.98 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1476 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNGNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.98 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1476 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.99 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:833 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.99 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:833 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.100 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:662 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNGNNCGNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNN
+SRR098026.100 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:662 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!##!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.101 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:91 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.101 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:91 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!###!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.102 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1544 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANGCGCGNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.102 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1544 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#####!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.103 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1812 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNGCCAGNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.103 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1812 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#####!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.104 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:991 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGTTCAGCNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.104 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:991 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.105 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:86 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.105 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:86 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.106 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1442 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTGAAATCNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNN
+SRR098026.106 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1442 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.107 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:70 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTCGCTTCNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNN
+SRR098026.107 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:70 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.108 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:284 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTAAGAGANNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNN
+SRR098026.108 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:284 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.109 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1288 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGCTATCCNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNN
+SRR098026.109 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1288 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.110 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:88 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.110 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:88 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.111 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1487 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNACAGCGANNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.111 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1487 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.112 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:139 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.112 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:139 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.113 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1628 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGCTGGCGNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.113 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1628 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.114 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1161 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGCTACCTNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.114 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1161 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.115 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1662 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNCTGGCCGCNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.115 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1662 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!########!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.116 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNGCCCGCCCNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.116 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!########!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.117 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:502 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNCGGATATCNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.117 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:502 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!########!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.118 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:316 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNGTTGATAANNNNNNNNNNNNAGNNN
+SRR098026.118 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:316 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!########!!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.119 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:361 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNAANNN
+SRR098026.119 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:361 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.120 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:775 length=35
GNNNNNNNNNGCTGAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNCANNN
+SRR098026.120 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:775 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.121 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1322 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNTACATCTGGNNNNNNNNNNNCGNNN
+SRR098026.121 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1322 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.122 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1411 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNCAATTTCCTNNNNNNNNNNNACNNN
+SRR098026.122 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1411 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.123 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1948 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNGTATTCACANNNNNNNNNNNTTNNN
+SRR098026.123 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1948 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.124 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:605 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNAGGCGTTGCNNNNNNNNNNNCTNNN
+SRR098026.124 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:605 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.125 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:529 length=35
TNNNNNNNNNTAAAATAAANNNNNNNNNNNAANNN
+SRR098026.125 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:529 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.126 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1710 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNTTGGTGCTGNNNNNNNNNNNAANNN
+SRR098026.126 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1710 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.127 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:795 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNAANNN
+SRR098026.127 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:795 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.128 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:548 length=35
GNNNNNNNNNTGGCACAATNNNNNNNNNNNCGNNN
+SRR098026.128 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:548 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.129 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1824 length=35
TNNNNNNNNNCGTGGAATTNNNNNNNNNNNATNNN
+SRR098026.129 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1824 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.130 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:150 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNGCATTAAACGNNNNNNNNNNCANTN
+SRR098026.130 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:150 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!!##!#!
@SRR098026.131 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:224 length=35
GNNNNNNNNNATCAAAAAGCNNNNNNNNNNGTNAN
+SRR098026.131 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:224 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!!##!#!
@SRR098026.132 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:320 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNGTGGCAATATNNNNNNNNNNCCNGN
+SRR098026.132 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:320 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!!##!#!
@SRR098026.133 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1978 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNTTCAGCGACTNNNNNNNNNNGTNGN
+SRR098026.133 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1978 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!!##!#!
@SRR098026.134 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1087 length=35
TNNNNNNNNNAAACGGGGTCNNNNNNNNNTGANAN
+SRR098026.134 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1087 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!###!#!
@SRR098026.135 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:191 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAANAN
+SRR098026.135 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:191 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!###!#!
@SRR098026.136 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1534 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNCAGATTCGATNNNNNNNNNAATNCN
+SRR098026.136 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1534 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!###!#!
@SRR098026.137 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1553 length=35
GNNNNNNNNNTTAACTTTTTNNNNNNNNNAACGCN
+SRR098026.137 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1553 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.138 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1106 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNGCGACGCAGCNNNNNNNNNGTCACN
+SRR098026.138 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1106 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.139 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1911 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNCTTTTTTTTCNNNNNNNNNATTCTN
+SRR098026.139 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1911 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.140 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:402 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNCTCCCCTTTCNNNNNNNNNTAATTN
+SRR098026.140 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:402 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.141 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1536 length=35
GNNNNNNNNATTACCCACGANNNNNNNNNCCTCGN
+SRR098026.141 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1536 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.142 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:467 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAAGGTAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAATAAN
+SRR098026.142 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:467 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.143 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1327 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAN
+SRR098026.143 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1327 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.144 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1304 length=35
TNNNNNNNNCGAAGACCATGNNNNNNNNNTCGATN
+SRR098026.144 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1304 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.145 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:811 length=35
ANNNNNNNNCACTTTAAATTNNNNNNNNNTTTGTN
+SRR098026.145 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:811 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.146 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1237 length=35
CNNNNNNNNGGCAACCAGCANNNNNNNNNCGACAA
+SRR098026.146 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1237 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.147 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:36 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAATGAACGCGTNNNNNNNNNATATCG
+SRR098026.147 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:36 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.148 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:44 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCAGGTCCGGTANNNNNNNNNGCGATG
+SRR098026.148 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:44 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.149 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:332 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCGTGCCGCTGTNNNNNNNNNGCGGGC
+SRR098026.149 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:332 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.150 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:373 length=35
TNNNNNNNNCGGTTCAGCAGNNNNNNNNNGACCGA
+SRR098026.150 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:373 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.151 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:681 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCAGGTTTGCAANNNNNNNNNTCATCT
+SRR098026.151 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:681 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.152 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:892 length=35
TNNNNNNNNGCGTAATGCGTNNNNNNNNNAGGCAG
+SRR098026.152 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:892 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.153 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:920 length=35
ANNNNNNNNTGAAACCGGCGNNNNNNNNNGTCAAC
+SRR098026.153 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:920 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.154 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1126 length=35
GNNNNNNNNACCCTCTCCATNNNNNNNNNACCCAA
+SRR098026.154 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1126 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.155 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1141 length=35
TNNNNNNNNCGGTTCAGCAGNNNNNNNNNGACCGA
+SRR098026.155 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1141 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.156 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1166 length=35
CNNNNNNNNCCAGAGTCAGGNNNNNNNNNATTACC
+SRR098026.156 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1166 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.157 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1375 length=35
GNNNNNNNNGTCTCCCGTCTNNNNNNNNNCCCCGC
+SRR098026.157 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1375 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.158 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1505 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCAAAGTTGATCNNNNNNNNNTGTGCG
+SRR098026.158 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1505 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.159 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1563 length=35
GNNNNNNNNGCGCCGGTTACNNNNNNNNNGTGTTG
+SRR098026.159 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1563 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.160 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1621 length=35
CNNNNNNNNCTTCACACCCCNNNNNNNNNTACCCA
+SRR098026.160 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1621 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.161 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1892 length=35
ANNNNNNNNTGACTTTGGCCNNNNNNNNNTTGCGG
+SRR098026.161 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1892 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.162 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1972 length=35
CNNNNNNNNTGCGATTCTTANNNNNNNNNGAACCA
+SRR098026.162 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1972 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.163 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1989 length=35
CNNNNNNNNGCCAATCACGANNNNNNNNNGCAACC
+SRR098026.163 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1989 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.164 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1759 length=35
CNNNNNNNNAGTCCTGAAAANNNNNNNNNGTAAAG
+SRR098026.164 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1759 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.165 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1540 length=35
ANNNNNNNNGCACGCTCGATNNNNNNNNNGTGTTA
+SRR098026.165 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1540 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.166 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:194 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.166 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:194 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.167 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:142 length=35
ANNNNNNNNCGGCAGGGGACNNNNNNNNNGCTACC
+SRR098026.167 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:142 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.168 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1041 length=35
ANNNNNNNNCTGGTTCGTAGNNNNNNNNNGGCTTC
+SRR098026.168 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1041 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.169 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1922 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCGTTGCCGCCTNNNNNNNNNCCAGCG
+SRR098026.169 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1922 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.170 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1840 length=35
CNNNNNNNNATCTCAGAAGGNNNNNNNNNTCCGGT
+SRR098026.170 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1840 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.171 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:480 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.171 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:480 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.172 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1733 length=35
TNNNNNNNNTCGGTAATACGNNNNNNNNNCCCGAC
+SRR098026.172 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1733 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.173 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1999 length=35
TNNNNNNNNTGTACAGCCTTNNNNNNNNNAAGATG
+SRR098026.173 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1999 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.174 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:994 length=35
GNNNNNNNNTACCCGGTGTGNNNNNNNNNGCATGG
+SRR098026.174 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:994 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.175 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:202 length=35
CNNNNNNNNAAATCGAAAGCNNNNNNNNNAGGGGC
+SRR098026.175 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:202 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.176 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1849 length=35
CNNNNNNNNAATTTGCATGTNNNNNNNNNAACGAT
+SRR098026.176 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1849 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.177 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:2025 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.177 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:2025 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.178 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:934 length=35
CNNNNNNNATCTAAGCACGANNNNNNNNNCGAGAT
+SRR098026.178 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:934 length=35
C!!!!!!!CBCCC#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.179 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:383 length=35
ANNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.179 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:383 length=35
#!!!!!!!############!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.180 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:81 length=35
GNNNNNNNTTTCAGGGGTATNNNNNNNNNTGGCAG
+SRR098026.180 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:81 length=35
A!!!!!!!BB?>A#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.181 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:342 length=35
ANNNNNNNGCGGCCGGTTACNNNNNNNNNGAAAAA
+SRR098026.181 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:342 length=35
#!!!!!!!############!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.182 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1610 length=35
TNNNNNNNCTGTTGAAGAGANNNNNNNNNCCGCTG
+SRR098026.182 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1610 length=35
C!!!!!!!BBBBB#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.183 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1582 length=35
GNNNNNNNTTGATCTGCTGCNNNNNNNNNACGCAC
+SRR098026.183 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1582 length=35
#!!!!!!!############!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.184 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:394 length=35
TNNNNNNNAGTGAAATTGCGNNNNNNNNNTGCCGT
+SRR098026.184 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:394 length=35
A!!!!!!!B?ABB#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.185 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1556 length=35
CNNNNNNNTTTAGGGGCGTTNNNNNNNNNGCTCGC
+SRR098026.185 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1556 length=35
B!!!!!!!B@ABB#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.186 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:837 length=35
ANNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.186 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:837 length=35
#!!!!!!!############!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.187 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:781 length=35
ANNNNNNNACAACGCTGTTTCNNNNNNNNGTTCGC
+SRR098026.187 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:781 length=35
C!!!!!!!CABBAA#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.188 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1657 length=35
TNNNNNNNGCGATTGTCGCTGNNNNNNNNATTGAG
+SRR098026.188 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1657 length=35
B!!!!!!!@BCBBC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.189 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1951 length=35
ANNNNNNNAAGAATTTCAGGCNNNNNNNNATCTGA
+SRR098026.189 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1951 length=35
C!!!!!!!BCBCBB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.190 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1221 length=35
CNNNNNNNTTTTGCAGTCACTNNNNNNNNCGACAT
+SRR098026.190 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1221 length=35
C!!!!!!!?BBBBA#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.191 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:942 length=35
GNNNNNNNTATAGGGGAAGAGNNNNNNNNTGCCAC
+SRR098026.191 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:942 length=35
A!!!!!!!BBBCBC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.192 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:411 length=35
TNNNNNNNCTGACAATGAGTGNNNNNNNNCTGCGT
+SRR098026.192 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:411 length=35
#!!!!!!!#############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.193 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:632 length=35
CNNNNNNNACTGCAATGGCTGNNNNNNNNGATCGT
+SRR098026.193 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:632 length=35
C!!!!!!!BBBAAC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.194 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:379 length=35
TNNNNNNNGACTGGTTGACTTNNNNNNNNAGCGCT
+SRR098026.194 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:379 length=35
B!!!!!!!BA@BBC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.195 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:813 length=35
CNNNNNNNTCAGCTTAGAGACNNNNNNNNGCGTGG
+SRR098026.195 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:813 length=35
B!!!!!!!BA@B@B#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.196 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1336 length=35
ANNNNNNNTAATAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.196 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1336 length=35
#!!!!!!!#############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.197 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:685 length=35
GNNNNNNNGCAGAAGCGGTGANNNNNNNNAAGGTT
+SRR098026.197 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:685 length=35
#!!!!!!!#############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.198 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:900 length=35
GNNNNNNTCAGAAGTGATGTCNNNNNNNNGTACCA
+SRR098026.198 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:900 length=35
@!!!!!!@@B?BB########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.199 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:363 length=35
CNNNNNNCCGTTCGGTGCTGCNNNNNNNNATGTGC
+SRR098026.199 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:363 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.200 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:715 length=35
ANNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.200 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:715 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.201 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:582 length=35
TNNNNNNGAAATCTGCACTGCNNNNNNNNTTATCG
+SRR098026.201 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:582 length=35
A!!!!!!BBCBBBB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.202 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:669 length=35
TNNNNNNTTTACAGCGGAACANNNNNNNNGTACTG
+SRR098026.202 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:669 length=35
A!!!!!!CCCCCCC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.203 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1643 length=35
GNNNNNNCGGGATTTTGTCGANNNNNNNNGCCGCC
+SRR098026.203 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1643 length=35
B!!!!!!BB3BBB########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.204 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:275 length=35
ANNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.204 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:275 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.205 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1133 length=35
ANNNNNNGCCGGGACCACAACNNNNNNNNGCGGAT
+SRR098026.205 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1133 length=35
7!!!!!!BBAB5#########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.206 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1871 length=35
ANNNNNNAATGGCTGTGCTGTNNNNNNNNAGGGAT
+SRR098026.206 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1871 length=35
C!!!!!!BBB###########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.207 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:407 length=35
GNNNNNNATATTTACGTTGATNNNNNNNNAGAGAT
+SRR098026.207 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:407 length=35
C!!!!!!BBBBC@A#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.208 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:831 length=35
GNNNNNNGAATGCGGTAACACNNNNNNNNCGGTAC
+SRR098026.208 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:831 length=35
B!!!!!!ABCAAAA#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.209 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1148 length=35
CNNNNNNCAACGTCTCCCCATNNNNNNNNGCCAGC
+SRR098026.209 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1148 length=35
B!!!!!!BBCBB>=#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.210 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:769 length=35
GNNNNNNGCTTATCACGATATNNNNNNNNGTCTTC
+SRR098026.210 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:769 length=35
B!!!!!!@A@ABAB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.211 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1496 length=35
CNNNNNNTGGGCACGGACAGCNNNNNNNNTATGGA
+SRR098026.211 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1496 length=35
B!!!!!!=<=@BB@#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.212 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:766 length=35
TNNNNNNCCATAAACCCGAAANNNNNNNNACCGGG
+SRR098026.212 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:766 length=35
B!!!!!!?BCBCBB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.213 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:459 length=35
ANNNNNNCGTTACATAACGGCNNNNNNNNAAATCT
+SRR098026.213 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:459 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.214 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:239 length=35
GNNNNNNAGCACGAAGTCCGGNNNNNNNNGGGGGG
+SRR098026.214 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:239 length=35
B!!!!!!BAAAB@B#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.215 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1008 length=35
ANNNNNNAATGTTGGAGAAATNNNNNNNNTGAAAC
+SRR098026.215 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1008 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.216 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1804 length=35
GNNNNNNGACTTTAAGGTGGANNNNNNNNATTAAA
+SRR098026.216 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1804 length=35
B!!!!!!@BBBCBB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.217 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1377 length=35
TNNNNNNGTAGGGTTATGTTTNNNNNNNNCGTTCC
+SRR098026.217 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1377 length=35
C!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.218 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1433 length=35
ANNNNNNATCGCTTCCTGTGGNNNNNNNNCGTTTT
+SRR098026.218 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1433 length=35
B!!!!!!B@BBBB########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.219 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1516 length=35
ANNNNNNACGCCATTCATGGCNNNNNNNNTGATTT
+SRR098026.219 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1516 length=35
A!!!!!!A?<AAA########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.220 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1523 length=35
CNNNNNNCCGGGTTGGTTAACNNNNNNNNTCCCAG
+SRR098026.220 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1523 length=35
A!!!!!!??=>>9########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.221 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:844 length=35
ANNNNNNCCAGTTGTGCTTTTNNNNNNNNCGTTAA
+SRR098026.221 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:844 length=35
B!!!!!!?BAB?BB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.222 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1651 length=35
CNCNNNNCATTAACTAACTTGNNNNNNNNCGGAAA
+SRR098026.222 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1651 length=35
?!B!!!!?@<@@#########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.223 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1889 length=35
GNCNNNNATCAACGAAGCATGNNNNNNNNCACCCA
+SRR098026.223 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1889 length=35
#!#!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.224 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1477 length=35
TNTNNNNCAAGTCAATTAACACNNNNNNNCTAACG
+SRR098026.224 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1477 length=35
B!@!!!!?BAA?ABA#######!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.225 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1416 length=35
CNCNNNGAGAACGCATGTCGCCNNNNNNNACCAGC
+SRR098026.225 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1416 length=35
A!@!!!;?;></:#########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.226 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:256 length=35
CNTNNNCAAGCTAGGCGCGGAGNNNNNNNTCCTCG
+SRR098026.226 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:256 length=35
A!B!!!=@BBAABB########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.227 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1956 length=35
CNGNNNAATGCGATCACCCCATNNNNNNNTGACTC
+SRR098026.227 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1956 length=35
A!<!!!AA>??BBBB#######!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.228 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1469 length=35
GNANNNAGCGCCTGCATCAGCANNNNNNNGGCGGG
+SRR098026.228 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1469 length=35
@!A!!!A=A>A@A#########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.229 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:207 length=35
GNANNNATCGACTCCCGTGGTANNNNNNNTGTTGA
+SRR098026.229 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:207 length=35
B!B!!!B@B@@AB#########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.230 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:524 length=35
ANANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNTAAAAA
+SRR098026.230 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:524 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.231 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1083 length=35
CNGNNTGATATACCAGATACGCNNNNNNNGCGGCG
+SRR098026.231 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1083 length=35
B!?!!ABBBCBCBBCBBBBA=#!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.232 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:868 length=35
CNTNNTATGACGCGTTTTGTCANNNNNNNGCTTCC
+SRR098026.232 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:868 length=35
B!@!!BBB@CBCACBBBA####!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.233 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:488 length=35
TNGNNCGCTTCACACTGACGGANNNNNNNGTTATA
+SRR098026.233 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:488 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.234 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1705 length=35
TNTNNCCCACCGTTGCTCCCACNNNNNNNGTCGCC
+SRR098026.234 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1705 length=35
B!B!!BB>CBABBA########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.235 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:156 length=35
ANTNNTCGCCTTCATAGTCATANNNNNNNGGTGGC
+SRR098026.235 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:156 length=35
B!B!!9;=*5=A;B########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.236 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:17 length=35
GNTNNCACCGTTGACCGTCTCGNNNNNNNTCAGCG
+SRR098026.236 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:17 length=35
C!B!!BBABBBAA:########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.237 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:281 length=35
ANANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.237 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:281 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.238 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1113 length=35
TNGNNGGATGCGGCGTAAACCCNNNNNNNCCCCTA
+SRR098026.238 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1113 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.239 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:420 length=35
CNGNNTCATTCTGTTTCTAATTNNNNNNNAGATGA
+SRR098026.239 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:420 length=35
@!@!!B<AB@9@A=:A>A####!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.240 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:615 length=35
ANANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAATAANNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.240 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:615 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.241 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1188 length=35
CNGNNTCAGCATAACGTCGTATNNNNNNNGCGTTT
+SRR098026.241 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1188 length=35
B!A!!??A@ABBCBABBAB?BB!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.242 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:541 length=35
TNGNNGCCAGCGCCGTGTCATTNNNNNNNGGCGTC
+SRR098026.242 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:541 length=35
B!?!!?>@@6@AB>########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.243 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1682 length=35
CNANNCGTCCGACATGGTACGTNNNNNNNTATTAA
+SRR098026.243 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1682 length=35
?!B!!??7>=@@>A########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.244 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:721 length=35
CNGGNTTGTGATGCAAATTTTTNNNNNNNTCACAT
+SRR098026.244 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:721 length=35
B!@@!BAB?BBBBBCCBCBBB@!!!!!!!BBBBBA
@SRR098026.245 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:801 length=35
GNATNACCACTTCCAGTGCTGANNNNNNNGGGATG
+SRR098026.245 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:801 length=35
B!BB!BBBCABBBBBBABB@>A!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.246 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:425 length=35
TNGGNATGCCATGATTCATGACNNNNNNNGGTGCA
+SRR098026.246 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:425 length=35
B!?A!B>?AABABBBBB#####!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.247 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1311 length=35
TNAANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNAAAATA
+SRR098026.247 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1311 length=35
#!##!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.248 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:118 length=35
GNTGNGGTCATCATACGCGCCCNNNNNNNGGCATG
+SRR098026.248 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:118 length=35
B!;?!A=5922:##########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.249 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1057 length=35
CNCTNTATGCGTACGGCAGTGANNNNNNNGGAGAT
+SRR098026.249 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1057 length=35
A!@B!BBB@ABAB#########!!!!!!!######
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ cat SRR097977.fastq
@SRR097977.1 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:178 length=36
TATTCTGCCATAATGAAATTCGCCACTTGTTAGTGT
+SRR097977.1 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:178 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>CCCCC7CCCCCCACA?5A5<
@SRR097977.2 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:365:371 length=36
GGTTACTCTTTTAACCTTGATGTTTCGACGCTGTAT
+SRR097977.2 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:365:371 length=36
CC:?:CC:?CCCCC??C?:?C-&:C:,?<&*?+7?<
@SRR097977.3 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:569 length=36
TTGTTCGCTTTTGGTAATTAATCCCGGAAATAATAA
+SRR097977.3 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:569 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC&9AACCC,C>CCAA&0?4A9&A<6
@SRR097977.4 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:715:205 length=36
TATCACTAAAGATCAAATCATTGAAGCAGTTGCAGC
+SRR097977.4 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:715:205 length=36
CCCCCCC:CCC:CCC:CCC9CC??CCCC?0?*?1--
@SRR097977.5 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:639:209 length=36
TATCTATCAAAGCCAGGCAATGGAAGACCTACTCCC
+SRR097977.5 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:639:209 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C?CC3C?CC5C?C1C<?CC8AA+AA%
@SRR097977.6 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:721:225 length=36
TGAAAAACAGAAAGGTAAATCAGTGAAATTTTTCAC
+SRR097977.6 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:721:225 length=36
CCCCCC?CC:CC?CCC?CCC?CCC?C:?C???;?9<
@SRR097977.7 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:660:222 length=36
TTTCGGGTAGAAATAAACCAGAACATGCTGTCCCTG
+SRR097977.7 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:660:222 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?CCCC>CC<CC5C,C>CC8???A>*
@SRR097977.8 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:629:532 length=36
TTCACGACCCGGCGTTTTCAGATCCAGTGCTTTAAT
+SRR097977.8 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:629:532 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCCC0A<CCC27CACAA?>?<
@SRR097977.9 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:356:270 length=36
GAGCGTTAGTTGGTTATATGCTTAATGCTACTAAAA
+SRR097977.9 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:356:270 length=36
CCCC:CC?CCC:CCC?C:C,CCC*CC4C:C&?07;&
@SRR097977.10 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:734:620 length=36
TGTTGGTAATATAGTTTCAAGTGTTACTATAACTGG
+SRR097977.10 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:734:620 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC?<5A.+AACCAC25AA25
@SRR097977.11 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:247:351 length=36
GATTGCTTTAATGAAAAAGTCATATAAGTTGCCATG
+SRR097977.11 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:247:351 length=36
CCCC:CCCC?CC:CCCCC7CCCCCCC;+CC0077?-
@SRR097977.12 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:286:270 length=36
GAACACGCTATGGATAAATTCAAAAAAATTATGAAA
+SRR097977.12 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:286:270 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C::CCC4CC,C?<?::<?CC7?&0?'
@SRR097977.13 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:207 length=36
TGACTGTCCATCTGGAAGTGGAAGACGATCGTCTCC
+SRR097977.13 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:207 length=36
CCCCC:CCCCCCC0?2??9C9*C??C088?)-5;<-
@SRR097977.14 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:690:154 length=36
TAACGCACGCAGCGGTAGCCGGCCATTCCCCCCCTC
+SRR097977.14 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:690:154 length=36
CCCC?CCC?CC?C>,?&<C+&>C+1&$C4472)$06
@SRR097977.15 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:717:529 length=36
TAATTATTTAAGCACTTGATAAATTTGGAAATATTA
+SRR097977.15 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:717:529 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC:CCCCCCCCCC2CCC38;??;<??-
@SRR097977.16 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:651:373 length=36
TTTTCCTGCTTTCAAGATATATAACGTCTGTTTTTA
+SRR097977.16 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:651:373 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC7ACC>CACCCC7>C&<>AA+?+
@SRR097977.17 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:648:197 length=36
TGACGCAAAAAGCGCTTGGTCTGCCGATGGCCCTGC
+SRR097977.17 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:648:197 length=36
?A:C33:<<<A:?3<A??A<AA+A+<.0*9<)9**%
@SRR097977.18 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:687:668 length=36
TATTGATAGGAGTCATATTATGGAAGGTAAAAACAA
+SRR097977.18 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:687:668 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C?CC3C?CC8C?7C>>-?C??:7?0/
@SRR097977.19 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:704:205 length=36
TAGGGCCAGCAATTGAGATTATTAGCAAAAGCATGT
+SRR097977.19 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:704:205 length=36
CCC??CCCCCCCCC<?CCCCCC?C>CC1>42?A?>?
@SRR097977.20 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:682:241 length=36
TTACGAATGATCTCAATCACTTCGTCGATATTGAGA
+SRR097977.20 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:682:241 length=36
CCCC?C?CCCCCCCC.CCCCCCC?4C48<7A?2;+?
@SRR097977.21 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:642:214 length=36
TTCGTTACCCAGACCCGCATCGCGCCATTGTTCGAG
+SRR097977.21 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:642:214 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC:?CCCCC9<CCC?C*ACCC???013
@SRR097977.22 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:761:474 length=36
TTAATTATCTTTAACGAAACTTAATGGGTAATTACT
+SRR097977.22 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:761:474 length=36
CCC?CCCCCCCCC>C9<?<CCCC?C-6+C&2?A9>A
@SRR097977.23 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:713:144 length=36
TGTGGACTAAGCATAGCCATTTACAAATGGGGACCT
+SRR097977.23 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:713:144 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC<A>ACCC<C<<+->+;+<
@SRR097977.24 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:285:372 length=36
GCAATACGTCTACCTTTAGCGAGAACGTGTAAGGTA
+SRR097977.24 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:285:372 length=36
CCCC?CCCCCCC???CCC9C>><5?C6>66?292A)
@SRR097977.25 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:345:360 length=36
GTGCGGGCAATTAACAGGGGTTCACTCATGAGATAT
+SRR097977.25 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:345:360 length=36
C:?CC:??C?C??44-0?:,24C4CC3*?,60??'9
@SRR097977.26 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:438:108 length=36
GCAAAAGATTACCAGGCGGACATGACTCGCTTCCTG
+SRR097977.26 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:438:108 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>ACC7CCCCCCAC?A?A+%
@SRR097977.27 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:654:130 length=36
TACGCATCTTACCTCTTTTTTAGAGATAACCATTAT
+SRR097977.27 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:654:130 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCCCC?CCCC>>C5C?C;CAAAA+?
@SRR097977.28 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:141 length=36
TTTGATACCAATAAACGGCACCAGCAGCCCACCCCG
+SRR097977.28 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:141 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:CC?C<C:CC<CC82C&8CCC:???'%
@SRR097977.29 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:642:72 length=36
TACACAATACTATGTAAATGGAAATATATCATTTTC
+SRR097977.29 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:642:72 length=36
CCCCC:CC?CC?C:C?4CCC4CCC:C:CCC?????3
@SRR097977.30 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:662:97 length=36
TCAGATAAAAATGACTGACGGAACTCTAAATTCATT
+SRR097977.30 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:662:97 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCC>CCA>AACACC<6<AAA?A&
@SRR097977.31 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:569:519 length=36
TTATGATTTCCAGACCGGACTTTCCGTTTCGCTGTA
+SRR097977.31 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:569:519 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC9C+CCCCCCCCCAACCCC+>A+?5
@SRR097977.32 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:302:267 length=36
GTCAGGTGGACGACTGACATAGTCATCATCTCTGTC
+SRR097977.32 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:302:267 length=36
C:CCCCC?CCC?CCCC<CCCCC:C?CC?CC?????3
@SRR097977.33 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:856:550 length=36
TTAACAAATATGGTCGGTATCCATACGGTGCTGGTA
+SRR097977.33 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:856:550 length=36
CCCCCCCC?C::8CC?7CC2CC6?<<3*00'0)0-+
@SRR097977.34 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:368:265 length=36
GCCTGAATAATAAAAGCGTGTTATACTCTTTCCCTG
+SRR097977.34 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:368:265 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CCCCC>CCC7CC?C+?CCCC??>AA0
@SRR097977.35 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:311:353 length=36
GCACCGGTATTGGTCTGGCCGTTTCTCGTCTTCTTG
+SRR097977.35 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:311:353 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC??CCC>CCCCCCCCCC&?<+?2A&*
@SRR097977.36 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:742:191 length=36
TCTGGAAAATGACTCAGGGCCGTGTCCATGTGACCC
+SRR097977.36 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:742:191 length=36
CCCCC?CC:CCCCCCC::CCC28<<CC&?6>--??$
@SRR097977.37 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:623:892 length=36
TTACGGCTAAATAAACATCAGTATCGCCTAATAATT
+SRR097977.37 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:623:892 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC,C7CC<C<CAC5C+C4AA&AA%
@SRR097977.38 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:668:856 length=36
TTACACCGGTCAGAATTTTGCTCATTATGCCGCACA
+SRR097977.38 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:668:856 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCC??<>C<:1C?C??C8>4)+>)A>5
@SRR097977.39 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:744:509 length=36
TTTTGCGAGGTTTTGTTTTCAGCAAAGCGCAGGTTC
+SRR097977.39 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:744:509 length=36
CCCCCC:CCCCCCCCCCC<CC:C>C;0;*;'7??63
@SRR097977.40 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:574:228 length=36
TTTTACAGGTGAGAGCGTCACTTCAGGGTAGCGAGA
+SRR097977.40 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:574:228 length=36
?CAA???33?::3<02<:?0?:+A7+,&&'-84,4%
@SRR097977.41 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:624:519 length=36
TTCTAAAGCAATCAACGAAGATGCTGCGGGTAACTA
+SRR097977.41 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:624:519 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC;CC>CAC<5CAACC5A2&??)<
@SRR097977.42 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:650:254 length=36
GCATACCACCCGACGGGTGATCCGTGCTCCTGCTCC
+SRR097977.42 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:650:254 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCCCCA<CCC<C<CCCCA,AA&A
@SRR097977.43 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:747:529 length=36
TTAATGCCAACTCGTCGCATCCGTTTGAAAACCCAC
+SRR097977.43 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:747:529 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCC>+C<C?5CC5??C+581>AAAA5
@SRR097977.44 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:366:432 length=36
TTTGATTTATAAAGACAATGTGTCTTATTTTTTTTA
+SRR097977.44 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:366:432 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC/ACC>C5C&.<.+>.CC5+:&?*
@SRR097977.45 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:331:267 length=36
GAATCAGGAGCGAGACCGGATACCGTTGCGGCCCGT
+SRR097977.45 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:331:267 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCC?C?CCCC=CC?C;CC<$;+>A-35
@SRR097977.46 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:346:283 length=36
GCCATTAAGCATCTCTGGTGTGTTGATGAGCTCCAG
+SRR097977.46 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:346:283 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>AC.CCCC.CC7A<>AA>A1
@SRR097977.47 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:761:347 length=36
TCTGTTGAATGCTGTTACAGTTCCTTCCCTTGTGAT
+SRR097977.47 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:761:347 length=36
AAAAAA<<<:3AA&?32?:3A+.:?<*;>2)$.&--
@SRR097977.48 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:277:350 length=36
GCACGTTCAATGGAACCGTTGATCAGACGCTTACCA
+SRR097977.48 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:277:350 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC:CCCCC?CC4<CC?9;C3C??6;9&
@SRR097977.49 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:874:231 length=36
TCAACACGCTTCATTTAGAGTCGGGGCGTTTCATCT
+SRR097977.49 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:874:231 length=36
C?CCCCC?C:CCC?:?::8?CC?44?&48:?7&6'-
@SRR097977.50 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:360:368 length=36
GCGGAGCTGGTGATTGGCGAACTGCTGCTGCTATTT
+SRR097977.50 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:360:368 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCA>C>9CCC>CC5CC5A?;AA+
@SRR097977.51 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:800:575 length=36
TAGAAAAAGATAGCCTTTATGGAGGTTCCTTCCATT
+SRR097977.51 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:800:575 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC<C>&><?C5C52?8?2%
@SRR097977.52 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:666:339 length=36
TTTTGGGTGTGAGTTGCAAGAGGGGAGACTACTGAA
+SRR097977.52 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:666:339 length=36
CCCCC::C?C:??CC?CC4?::?C:0?6C:&?60-3
@SRR097977.53 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:692:184 length=36
TAATTGACCATGGTGTTTCATCTCTGCCAGCTTTAA
+SRR097977.53 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:692:184 length=36
CCCCC?CCCC?:8C:?CCC??CCCC8C96*??*0-3
@SRR097977.54 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:295:322 length=36
GAGAGTAGCTTGCGTCAATGGGCCAGGTGGGCTTTC
+SRR097977.54 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:295:322 length=36
CA<3?A?AA3<:32?AA<<*:<**42+'20&<18$+
@SRR097977.55 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:678:235 length=36
TTTCCATTCACTGTACTGAGCTGCGCCTGCTGACTA
+SRR097977.55 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:678:235 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCAC?CC.<4CC-CCCC?<C>//A9<
@SRR097977.56 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:655:218 length=36
GTTTTACAGTATTTTGTAGTCTGTTTTTTATTCAAA
+SRR097977.56 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:655:218 length=36
C?CCCCC??C:?CCC::C0*CC4CCCCCC,?+6)1-
@SRR097977.57 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:807:529 length=36
TTAGCCCCATAATACCATTATCACATTGTTGCTTAT
+SRR097977.57 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:807:529 length=36
CCCCCCCC?C?CCCCC5CC?CC?&&1>??;-)5A;A
@SRR097977.58 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:635:196 length=36
TCTGCCTGAAGCACCCAGTTAAGGCTCTCGTCTTTC
+SRR097977.58 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:635:196 length=36
C2AAAAA<<:AA?<AA0A*??+<2*<<=6.)-'<<6
@SRR097977.59 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:689:530 length=36
TATAGTTCCATCCTGTTGTAGCGTGGCCTGGAAATG
+SRR097977.59 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:689:530 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC?CC><+<C-A<5C><-&-5+;1
@SRR097977.60 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:396:86 length=36
GGTGGCGAACAAAGTCGTTAACGACGGCATTAAATA
+SRR097977.60 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:396:86 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC:CC:CC:CCCCC4<C3,C;C?79-51
@SRR097977.61 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:329:276 length=36
GCTATATCCCGTCATTATATATCTTATTCCTGGATG
+SRR097977.61 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:329:276 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC:CCCCCCC?CCCC&CCCCCC?0&'?3
@SRR097977.62 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:356:265 length=36
GCGTATGTTATCTGGCGGGATGAAGCGCCGTTTAAT
+SRR097977.62 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:356:265 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCCC>C?>C80C>8CC>;CC4AAA95A
@SRR097977.63 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:624:549 length=36
TGTTAGCGGCGACGCTTTCATCAACGGTTCTGTTTG
+SRR097977.63 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:624:549 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC>CCCCC&CC>>C2+<<+:)8A:*
@SRR097977.64 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:649:416 length=36
TTCTTACTCATGCTTCCTCCGCGTTGTTGCATTGTT
+SRR097977.64 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:649:416 length=36
AAAAC?AAAAA3AAAAAAAA<A:<A>>A,>4<<&*%
@SRR097977.65 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:377:94 length=36
GACGGCGCGAAAATGGTACTTTAAAGGGCTATTGCG
+SRR097977.65 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:377:94 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCAC>AA4ACCCCCA->+<C2AA421
@SRR097977.66 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:550:637 length=36
TTTCAGATAATGTTCCTCCTTAAATCTATCAACCAG
+SRR097977.66 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:550:637 length=36
3<?<A:A:??3:AA&<AAAA+??2&.A1<?,<<4;-
@SRR097977.67 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:544:566 length=36
TTGTCCACGCTTTTCTATGTAAAGTTTATTTGCTTT
+SRR097977.67 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:544:566 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCCCC+CCC7CC?C>&7&5CCA&?A?A
@SRR097977.68 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:110 length=36
TGAAGCCTGCTTTTTTATACTAAGTTTGCATTATAA
+SRR097977.68 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:110 length=36
C3AC3CAA?AAAAAA?AA0AA*22A<2*>0<<<<1;
@SRR097977.69 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:709:108 length=36
TGACTACACCATTGACTGAGAGCGGGTATTTCTCCC
+SRR097977.69 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:709:108 length=36
C?A<?<3<AAA:A?7??2<20:?::<+4:<34-<<-
@SRR097977.70 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:438:344 length=36
GTTTTACTGATTAATGCTTTTTCTGGCGTAATTGAT
+SRR097977.70 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:438:344 length=36
C:CCC?CCC?CCCCC:CCC?CCC&,:',&60*?*?3
@SRR097977.71 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:431:87 length=36
TGTTCAGCAGTTCCGTTGCCTGTACATGTCCCTCCA
+SRR097977.71 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:431:87 length=36
C?CCCC?CC?CCCC+CC8CCC7C4C+C+-C??&??0
@SRR097977.72 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:496:219 length=36
TACTGTTGCAGATGATTCCACTGCGTGGCTGCATTG
+SRR097977.72 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:496:219 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:??C:CCCCC&CC,C:C4&??&?'??)
@SRR097977.73 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:482:356 length=36
GTTATGCAACAGTCTACCCCGTATCTCTCATTTCTC
+SRR097977.73 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:482:356 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC?CCCCCCCCC?<>CCCCCCC?AAA+?
@SRR097977.74 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:335:233 length=36
GCTACGAGGATGGATTATTTAATGCAAGATCTAACG
+SRR097977.74 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:335:233 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC:CCCCCCCCCCC4CC?,9C??60?)
@SRR097977.75 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:155 length=36
TGTGAGGAAGATGGTGTCGAATATCAGCGTAAGCTG
+SRR097977.75 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:155 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCC?>+CCC>C=CCCCC1C8<73-=2$
@SRR097977.76 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:456:116 length=36
TCCTGGCTCATTTCAGGCAGGATCAGCAGACCCTCC
+SRR097977.76 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:456:116 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCCC>1CCCC5CCC>C???AAAAAA
@SRR097977.77 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:450:284 length=36
TAATCGCCGCACTCAACAGAATACGCGCGTTCGGCT
+SRR097977.77 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:450:284 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCC<5C??=CC>C:C<C;8AA>?A?
@SRR097977.78 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:272:330 length=36
GCGCCATCAGCGGTGAGATGAGTTTTTTTACGTCTT
+SRR097977.78 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:272:330 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCAA+?>AC4>AACCCCC&5++&28*
@SRR097977.79 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:462:360 length=36
TTTCTTTTTTCATTTCAGGAGCGATTTTCATCTGTT
+SRR097977.79 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:462:360 length=36
CCCCCCC?CC:CC?CC?8764?2*CCC:C0???0;<
@SRR097977.80 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:258:281 length=36
GTGGCGCTGCTGCATAAGTTGGGTTATCAGGTCGTT
+SRR097977.80 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:258:281 length=36
CCCCC:CCCCC?CCCCCCCC:?*CCACCC:)??0?<
@SRR097977.81 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:445:46 length=36
GAAATCTTCTCTGTAAATTTGTCGTAAATAATCATT
+SRR097977.81 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:445:46 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>CA<CCCC0-C7CCC<CC?AAA+A
@SRR097977.82 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:763:76 length=36
TTCTTTTGTTAATAATCCCTGTGTGATATTCTTCAC
+SRR097977.82 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:763:76 length=36
??A<AAA3<AA?AAAA??A32A2A?&A6AA3&<.-6
@SRR097977.83 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:472:347 length=36
GCTGCCATTCTTGTAACGTTAATGCTGTCCAGGCTT
+SRR097977.83 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:472:347 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCC>C<8CCCCCCC>CC6CCC9++A?A
@SRR097977.84 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:654:242 length=36
TACTGCGCAATGTAATGCCAACGTTCACACGTTCTT
+SRR097977.84 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:654:242 length=36
CCCC:CCC?CC?C?AC:CC?CC?C?C&88=5??-69
@SRR097977.85 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:519:189 length=36
TCAATATTAAGATAGCTGTTGGTATCAAGAAAACTG
+SRR097977.85 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:519:189 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?C??CC1CC77CCCC;?-C2>??A0
@SRR097977.86 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:444:281 length=36
GCCACTGCGACTATCCGCAGCGGTAATGACGACTGC
+SRR097977.86 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:444:281 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>C7ACAA552CAAC2?A:)<
@SRR097977.87 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:629:473 length=36
TAAATTCAACCAGACCGCTATAACACTGCACCGAAG
+SRR097977.87 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:629:473 length=36
?<A3AA3C?:??//0&<&:0:::&$*+:&*<)*--%
@SRR097977.88 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:407:320 length=36
GCAATGTTCAGCATCGCTTTTGCGGTCCACTCTTCC
+SRR097977.88 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:407:320 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>CC.ACCACAAAAA1
@SRR097977.89 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:487:64 length=36
TAAGTAGATGAAGAAAAAAATTGAATCCTACCAGGT
+SRR097977.89 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:487:64 length=36
CCCCCC?CC:C??CCCC2C<CCCCCCCCC<??3)0'
@SRR097977.90 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:727:229 length=36
TGTACCCTGGTGGGTATCGTTCTTGGTGATATGAAA
+SRR097977.90 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:727:229 length=36
C?AAAAACA:<3/:;;AA<.AA?A.>&;11$<++93
@SRR097977.91 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:335:359 length=36
GTTAATGAAAAACAAGGAGATCTCGCATGATGCATC
+SRR097977.91 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:335:359 length=36
CC?CCC?CCC?CCC=C?C7CCCCC>C7C?:A?=?A5
@SRR097977.92 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:353:318 length=36
GGCAAAATGGTCCTCCAGCCAGGCCAGAAGCAAGTT
+SRR097977.92 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:353:318 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:CCCCAC8CCCCC4CCCC;CC??3??<
@SRR097977.93 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:150 length=36
TCGGCAACGTCCTCTACCACGGGTCCTATTGCCATC
+SRR097977.93 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:150 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC<CCC5C77<ACC<A-<,AA-:%
@SRR097977.94 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:685:885 length=36
GGTGAAATCGGCGTATTCACCATATTTATTGACGGT
+SRR097977.94 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:685:885 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC-CACC>C55+ACCAC2&725>1
@SRR097977.95 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:475:210 length=36
TCAAACTACCACCGATTAAAAACTCACTCAAACCTT
+SRR097977.95 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:475:210 length=36
C?AAA3:A?CAA3<*/'33<:A<0A<4A>A&1)&<+
@SRR097977.96 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:796:222 length=36
TCTTCCGGTATTTACGCGATGAAAGAAAACGATACG
+SRR097977.96 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:796:222 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACAC<7CC<A+C<AC,A,AA1
@SRR097977.97 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:686:659 length=36
TCCTGGTTGGCAGAGTACGCTTGCGCAACGTCGGTT
+SRR097977.97 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:686:659 length=36
:AA<::3?:AAA3?+?<:&A2<&*.64$A*,&1$-+
@SRR097977.98 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:352 length=36
GCGAGGATGTAACGCTGCCATAACGGATTTAAAGTC
+SRR097977.98 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:352 length=36
CCC?CCCCCCCCCCCC>CC<C>CC;?1CCC7::2??
@SRR097977.99 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:297:280 length=36
GCAGCGAGGGCAAACCAGATCCGCTCGTTCTCCGGC
+SRR097977.99 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:297:280 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCCACCCCC<CCCACCCAAA>5A
@SRR097977.100 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:176 length=36
TCTACCCCTTCCGCCACGCTACTCAGACCAGGCTTA
+SRR097977.100 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:176 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CC?CCCC?+<1C:C5+1CC&+&A505
@SRR097977.101 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:317:328 length=36
GCGTATCTATTCCCATATTCGCCAAAGCAAAACCAC
+SRR097977.101 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:317:328 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCCCC?C>CCC7CCC:?&CC>:?AA7;
@SRR097977.102 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:405:114 length=36
TGGTAAATATCAGCAGAACCAGGAAAACTGGCCAGT
+SRR097977.102 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:405:114 length=36
C:CCCCCCCCCC?CC:8CCCCC:82CCC:?5??-5<
@SRR097977.103 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:875:675 length=36
TGACGAAGTACTCACTAGCGTTGCCGCCCCCTTTCC
+SRR097977.103 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:875:675 length=36
3<AAAAA3A<<??0*:'.1-004A7.AA.+<'.--+
@SRR097977.104 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:506:86 length=36
GCTGATGCATTAAGCCTTTCTGGACTCAGGCAGAGA
+SRR097977.104 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:506:86 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC9CCCCCCC7.ACCCA77A?4A55
@SRR097977.105 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:488:102 length=36
TTTTGTCAGATATCCGCTGGCAATACTTCCTAAATC
+SRR097977.105 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:488:102 length=36
CCCC:CCCCCCCCCC-CC84C?CC?CCCCC?69??<
@SRR097977.106 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:805:275 length=36
TCAAGGACTGATAATGACAGATGGTATCTCAACTTC
+SRR097977.106 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:805:275 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC?CCCC?7C???CC<CCC>CC72????
@SRR097977.107 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:353:443 length=36
TATTAACTGAATTCGTGACTGCCATTCTTCATTTGA
+SRR097977.107 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:353:443 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC&C7C9<AC7CC&CCCCCC+,,A2+
@SRR097977.108 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:489:281 length=36
GGTCATGTGGTGCTGGGTGCCAGTGAGATCCATCCG
+SRR097977.108 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:489:281 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C:CCC:CC?CCC*C?;8;CC?'>??)
@SRR097977.109 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:284:314 length=36
GGTTCGCGCCTGGTTTACTGGCGGTGCGGCGGCACA
+SRR097977.109 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:284:314 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCCCCCCC?>C+?,178+?$->&&$
@SRR097977.110 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:449:373 length=36
TCCAGCGAACACCATCACATTCCATACCGGAGTTGG
+SRR097977.110 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:449:373 length=36
CCCC?CCCCCCCC?CC<CCCCCC)?1CC+47+>A20
@SRR097977.111 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:765:837 length=36
TTCCATTGCTGTATTTTCCTTCTTTTTTACTTTCAC
+SRR097977.111 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:765:837 length=36
?<AC??:?A??0AA)A?AA4<A4??=>1>A61<<16
@SRR097977.112 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:61 length=36
TTATACATAATGCGCTGCCTTGAGGAATTCCCTGAA
+SRR097977.112 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:61 length=36
CAAAAAACAA?3A3A?/A*??2?22;;A<;<;<*51
@SRR097977.113 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:518:628 length=36
TAAAAAAGTGGCTGAATCGTTAAGGATGTTCTTGAG
+SRR097977.113 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:518:628 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:CCCC3CC<?CCC2&2;C3+;')&5/&
@SRR097977.114 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:465:326 length=36
TCTTACCACCCCTCATGTGACTATTGAACGCTATAG
+SRR097977.114 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:465:326 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC4CAACCCCCCC>2CC&AA2A?*
@SRR097977.115 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:432:374 length=36
TTCTGCCTATTTTCTGTCTCAAACCCACGTCGCATT
+SRR097977.115 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:432:374 length=36
3AAAA?AA:AAAA<A:&:A?:?7&:<++60)<)))%
@SRR097977.116 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:714:729 length=36
TGTTAAGAAAACATCCATAAATTAAATGTGAATTGC
+SRR097977.116 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:714:729 length=36
C??CCC?CCCCCC?*CC?C0CC:C4C><<>5<):5>
@SRR097977.117 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:267:313 length=36
GATCCCGACGTCAGCAACGCCCAGTCTCCCCGCGCC
+SRR097977.117 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:267:313 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCACCACACCCCCCCCCCCA8A8A>
@SRR097977.118 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:104 length=36
GACAACCGCTCTGTCTTTATCCGCCACAAACGTCAT
+SRR097977.118 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:104 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCCCCCCCC&CCAC4A:A;4A<8
@SRR097977.119 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:658:901 length=36
TGGGTAATTGCCCGCAGATCTTTAACGTCGAGCAGT
+SRR097977.119 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:658:901 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>CA7CACC4C&C&A2;AA??7
@SRR097977.120 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:767:871 length=36
TCTGGATCGCGTTTCCCGTCTCCCGTACCCTGCTTC
+SRR097977.120 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:767:871 length=36
CCCCCCC?CCC6CC>CC<1&CC&C)&*>&;'*8/<8
@SRR097977.121 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:349:274 length=36
GCATGGAAATCTTCTTCACCATACTTATAATGACCC
+SRR097977.121 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:349:274 length=36
CCCC:?9CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC1CC&8C66?)6??3
@SRR097977.122 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:595:250 length=36
TAGAAATAGCCATCCGGGTAAAGCGGTTTTTACAGC
+SRR097977.122 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:595:250 length=36
CC??:CCCCC?::CCC,CC1:,8C?38CC:06?1&<
@SRR097977.123 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:813:579 length=36
TAAGACGCGTTAGTGTCTTCTCTGGCATTTTCCCCC
+SRR097977.123 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:813:579 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>C4ACCA4<C<++C)5?+7?2A8%
@SRR097977.124 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:184 length=36
TTGCCACGGTGATGCACGTTCCGGCAGATGCCCACG
+SRR097977.124 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:184 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?C7C<C5C8CC5=C?//11?)A-$)
@SRR097977.125 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:657:621 length=36
TGCTGGCGCGTCATGACGTCAAAGGCGACAACGAAG
+SRR097977.125 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:657:621 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC<C+?C<4><<0-4A&$C57;)-</
@SRR097977.126 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:648:201 length=36
TCTGGAGGGGAGTTTCAGACACGCCGTTTCTTGCCT
+SRR097977.126 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:648:201 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC8?CC?C,9<CCC)CC?*?CA9?0:?3
@SRR097977.127 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:366:251 length=36
TGATCGAGACATGTTTAAAAATTGCTTTCCATAATT
+SRR097977.127 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:366:251 length=36
CCCCC:CCCCCC?CCCCCCCCC-4CCC,,C??6:?<
@SRR097977.128 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:485:245 length=36
TAATTAAGGAGAACAAAATGGAACTTAAAAAATTGA
+SRR097977.128 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:485:245 length=36
CCCCCCCC:C?CCCCC:CCC:CCCCCC?39?6??03
@SRR097977.129 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:434:370 length=36
GTACCCGAACGTCGATTTCTACTCTGTTATCATCCT
+SRR097977.129 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:434:370 length=36
?A<3:::<::A:<:/A::3?&<?<A2+::>--<&6;
@SRR097977.130 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:683:902 length=36
TATCGCTGGTCACGCGCTTACCGTTTACGCTTTCCC
+SRR097977.130 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:683:902 length=36
C?CCCCCCC:CCCC)CC99CCC&)<8;C8C)>&?9%
@SRR097977.131 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:343:120 length=36
GAAATCTTTCGCTGCATTTGCGAATTCTGCTTTTCT
+SRR097977.131 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:343:120 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC>C>CCCCCC>CAA,A?A
@SRR097977.132 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:790:756 length=36
TAAAACAGGAAGTAGCGTTCTATCACCTAATTCACC
+SRR097977.132 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:790:756 length=36
AAA?A?A:?<A3?<-A:74&??4A?<A:0*<'<;;;
@SRR097977.133 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:604:234 length=36
GCTTTACTTATGGGCGGTTTCAAATAAAGGACGCAA
+SRR097977.133 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:604:234 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:C:8?C::*??C::2C?&43&0?0-)+
@SRR097977.134 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:552:449 length=36
TCTTGAATATCTATAGAAGGTTCACTATTATACAAC
+SRR097977.134 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:552:449 length=36
CCCC?C:CCCCC:CC:CC82CCC*C?4CC'?-$):9
@SRR097977.135 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:259:307 length=36
GCGCTGGATTTGTTCGCTGACGTTATTTATGAATTT
+SRR097977.135 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:259:307 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?CCC?CC>?CC,CCCCCCC+9:AA%
@SRR097977.136 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:843:808 length=36
TTTTATGTGATTGGCGTGAACATATCCTTTTCCCTT
+SRR097977.136 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:843:808 length=36
CCCCCC?CC>CC9>&5CCA0CC6C+8C:=$=/7$A/
@SRR097977.137 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:474:262 length=36
GTCACCAGCGATAACGCTTCACGAACAAAGCCGCTG
+SRR097977.137 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:474:262 length=36
C?CCC?:CC:CCC-C?CCCC<C:*<?&:88??6?&3
@SRR097977.138 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:568:531 length=36
TTGCTAAACAACACGGCGTGCCATTTATTGATGCTG
+SRR097977.138 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:568:531 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CCCCCCCCC5CA;CCC;CC+:5&=A5
@SRR097977.139 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:703:655 length=36
TTTATTTGTAAAGTTTTGTTGAAATAAGGGTTGTAA
+SRR097977.139 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:703:655 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCA9CCCC7CCAA?AAA2C5+)?)A;*
@SRR097977.140 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:566:326 length=36
GATATTCTTGAGGTCATTTGTAAATACGTACAAATT
+SRR097977.140 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:566:326 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC??CC?CCC7CC>C?1C<???0>0A;
@SRR097977.141 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:470:268 length=36
TGCCTGACCTTTCTTATGGATTTTCATTTTTTCTCT
+SRR097977.141 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:470:268 length=36
C:CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC87>CC&CC9CC,??0-?03
@SRR097977.142 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:700:440 length=36
TCTGCTCGGTAACGGCAACCGTTTTCTTGCCCGCAA
+SRR097977.142 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:700:440 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC>>CCCC-CAACCC>C7CAA2A+/
@SRR097977.143 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:592:343 length=36
GTTTGCAATATTGTTTTTGATGTTGATTTTTGCCAG
+SRR097977.143 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:592:343 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CCCCCCCC?8C7CC>1CCCCA+??7*
@SRR097977.144 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:470:98 length=36
GGGAAATCGAACTGTATGTACTCTATCATTTACGCG
+SRR097977.144 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:470:98 length=36
:CCC:?CC?CCCC82CC7:9C,4,)?C0?906?35'
@SRR097977.145 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:534:378 length=36
TTCAAAATAGCTGAAGATAAGGGTTCGCGGACAGAG
+SRR097977.145 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:534:378 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC+CCCC)CCACCC<CA<+A-<A8
@SRR097977.146 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:408:154 length=36
TCTAAGGAGCATTAAGGCTGTGATGAAAAATAAAAA
+SRR097977.146 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:408:154 length=36
CCCCC:CC?CCCCC?:?CC:C4:C4*C?CC+05??3
@SRR097977.147 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:492:85 length=36
TGCGACTTTAATAAGTGGAAGTGTGAGCTGAACGCG
+SRR097977.147 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:492:85 length=36
??CCCCCCCCCCCC,C>>C<7C.C+&6?$&2+?2-$
@SRR097977.148 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:581:880 length=36
TCGTATTTTGGGTAAGGAGAAGACTCTTGCACTTTT
+SRR097977.148 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:581:880 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?CC?>C=C<CCCCCCC?6C&A/?+)
@SRR097977.149 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:712:186 length=36
TGGCGTGGTAGAAAAATCAGAAATCATCGACGGCTC
+SRR097977.149 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:712:186 length=36
CCCC?CC??CCCCC*C?C>>C;A?CC&C+)A))>+;
@SRR097977.150 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:727:139 length=36
TGCTGCCTTTTGGTCAGTTATCCATTGAACACCAAG
+SRR097977.150 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:727:139 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCC<CC&CCC;CC-0A&A/AA5/
@SRR097977.151 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:489:249 length=36
TTCAATCTGAACCTCAGTTAGCCGAATTTGGCTACC
+SRR097977.151 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:489:249 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC7CC>52CCCA,AA>A@
@SRR097977.152 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:691:274 length=36
TGTTATTCAATGGTTTCAATTGTGATTGTTACGTTA
+SRR097977.152 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:691:274 length=36
A<AA?A?A?:?3:A0AA<<?<:7<0A:22>,<&<46
@SRR097977.153 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:897:520 length=36
TAGATCACAATGCCCTTTCTAACTTTTCATCGTTAT
+SRR097977.153 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:897:520 length=36
CC?CCCCCCCC:CCCCCCCCCC&C<CCC*9?*0?'<
@SRR097977.154 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:392:326 length=36
TGATGAAAGGGCTACACACCAGCCTGACGCTAACCG
+SRR097977.154 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:392:326 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCAACACA;5AA*
@SRR097977.155 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:373 length=36
TGAATATCATTGGTAACCTGTACGTCTCCAACGGTA
+SRR097977.155 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:373 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC9CC<CCCCC<CC<CCCC>&7,&</
@SRR097977.156 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:341:373 length=36
TCATTTTCCAAAGATGGCTATTCCTCCAACAATACT
+SRR097977.156 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:341:373 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC9CC>7CCACCCCCCCCCC?AA8AA
@SRR097977.157 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:704:891 length=36
TCGTATCTATGCCAGTAGAACCATCGGGAACTACCT
+SRR097977.157 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:704:891 length=36
CCCC?CCCC?CCCC?>>))ACCA6C$)7=5+>+5-/
@SRR097977.158 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:688:563 length=36
TAATAACATTTGCGGTGTCATCAGCGCATAACTTTC
+SRR097977.158 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:688:563 length=36
CCCCCCCC??C:C75C4CC&CC*<A8?+?6)::?38
@SRR097977.159 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:832:771 length=36
TATATCACTGAACGCGCAGCATTCCACTACACCCCA
+SRR097977.159 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:832:771 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC44&<CACC0&5&07A&&?'
@SRR097977.160 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:577:547 length=36
TCTGCGTTATGCCAGGCACTGGAGCTTACGGAACTG
+SRR097977.160 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:577:547 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC5ACACCCAA<CAA)C++&&?A1
@SRR097977.161 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:879:588 length=36
TTGATGCCGTCGCGAAGCAGATTCATCAACTCATCG
+SRR097977.161 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:879:588 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C?CC3?5C<+><1C:88&8A0++?-5
@SRR097977.162 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:782:569 length=36
TCTCAATCCTGCGCGTAACACCCGTGAAAAATTATT
+SRR097977.162 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:782:569 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCA-CC<CCCC5<8?:89>99A@
@SRR097977.163 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:326:319 length=36
GTATGTTGCCCTGGCAGCAACTGAGCGGCGTCGCAA
+SRR097977.163 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:326:319 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC97C-7C;?CA+:492-A5A>2&74
@SRR097977.164 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:465:40 length=36
GCTATTGACTTCACGTTATTAGATCTGATTACGTTA
+SRR097977.164 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:465:40 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC7CCCCCC7ACCC+?C&:A,?A*
@SRR097977.165 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:899 length=36
TGTTACAGATTGATCACCCGCCAAACAAAACCCGCG
+SRR097977.165 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:899 length=36
CCCC:??CCCC?CCA?CC$;CC;9)&;&3&?6)-:)
@SRR097977.166 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:877:467 length=36
TAAACTTGCGTGACTACACATTCTTGAGCTGTCGCC
+SRR097977.166 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:877:467 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?CCC+CCC;CCC>4C1+542))+);
@SRR097977.167 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:565:413 length=36
TCTGCGCTGTAAAAGAACTTGTAAAACAACGTAATA
+SRR097977.167 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:565:413 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCAAAACC7AC5+CAC<AC+A27A/
@SRR097977.168 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:745:354 length=36
GAAAGCCTTTGCGCACCATTGGCAATCGTACCCGCG
+SRR097977.168 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:745:354 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC+CC4CAAA&9CAAA9+AAA7A/
@SRR097977.169 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:411:362 length=36
TCGGTAATGGCGCAATGAGCAATGCTATTAACGAAC
+SRR097977.169 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:411:362 length=36
CAAAAACA?:A3AA9A-A+AA7A7A><AA14<)69%
@SRR097977.170 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:729:510 length=36
TAATCAGCGAACGCGGACGGGCAATCCGCTGCCCTT
+SRR097977.170 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:729:510 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCCCC9C1C>1CC0C?C&AC)&A))&;
@SRR097977.171 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:614:169 length=36
TTGAAACACTTCGGTTGTTAATCTATACAGCTGATT
+SRR097977.171 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:614:169 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCA2AC9CCACCCC<CAC<7?A,+AA
@SRR097977.172 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:721:351 length=36
GCGAGACTGCTTCTTCGCTTTCTCACCAATGCTTAC
+SRR097977.172 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:721:351 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC<C>CCCCC<C5C&>A?&A>A7<
@SRR097977.173 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:666:506 length=36
TTTTCGGTCAGCATGCCCGCCAGAGCCGTCACCGCC
+SRR097977.173 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:666:506 length=36
CCCCC:CCC<CCCCACCC;AC<44*CCA6C:'?-?<
@SRR097977.174 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:579:501 length=36
TTATCATACTCACGTTGCAGATAGTCATGGCGATTT
+SRR097977.174 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:579:501 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCA-<>CC&CCA<?C<C75?>&A>&
@SRR097977.175 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:358:799 length=36
GTTTACTGGAGACTTCAATCCCGCGACTGATGTACC
+SRR097977.175 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:358:799 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC<CC2CC<BA<A:A@
@SRR097977.176 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:530:250 length=36
GGGAATAACTGGACTTCATTCGGCCATGCTGGATCG
+SRR097977.176 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:530:250 length=36
C<CAAAAAAAA3?AAAA?A;A02AA,>0&A**+<8+
@SRR097977.177 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:765:18 length=36
TCAAAAATTTCTACCGCATTGTGACGTAGTGTCGCT
+SRR097977.177 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:765:18 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCCC9CCCCCC>CC>4;4C2$?+>;
@SRR097977.178 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:519:121 length=36
GGTCCTCCAGTTAGTGTTACCCAACCTTCAACCTGC
+SRR097977.178 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:519:121 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCA>C>CCCCCC<<CCCACAAAAA&A
@SRR097977.179 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:686:511 length=36
GAAATCGTTGGTATCAAAGAGACTCAGAAGTCTACC
+SRR097977.179 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:686:511 length=36
CCC:CCCCCCC?7CC??4C;4:C?C840*+??)9?-
@SRR097977.180 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:814:401 length=36
GATGATAAAGACGTCATCGCAATTGATGGAAAAATA
+SRR097977.180 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:814:401 length=36
CAA?ACA3A:AA?AA7<A3AA47A0*>0*<'+2+1+
@SRR097977.181 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:645:525 length=36
TTTGAAGGCAACGCCTCCCCCTCTTTCTCCCTCTTC
+SRR097977.181 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:645:525 length=36
CCCCCC?CC:CC7C??:C&<C?CC,0086C-)6??:
@SRR097977.182 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:581:287 length=36
GAAATGTCGCTTCGCTACGTTGTTTTTCCACATTAA
+SRR097977.182 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:581:287 length=36
CCCCC??CCCCCC?CC?CC<C7??CCCCC1A0AA?/
@SRR097977.183 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:531:131 length=36
TCAATAACCAGTTTGCGACCTTTTTCCGTTTGGGTA
+SRR097977.183 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:531:131 length=36
CCC?CC?CCC:CCC9C8CCCCCCCCCC+&C?+*&?'
@SRR097977.184 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:793:300 length=36
GTTCAGTAATATAAGCGAACTGAAGGATGCTGTTAC
+SRR097977.184 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:793:300 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC<>6CAACA4AA9@
@SRR097977.185 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:571:434 length=36
GGAGTCTGAACGATGGTCGAAGCGAGATGCGATGCA
+SRR097977.185 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:571:434 length=36
CCC?CCCCCCCCCC?C?>>):CCC1?;;CC+2+++5
@SRR097977.186 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:520:416 length=36
TTGATATAGATAAGAAAACATGTTTATCCTTTTTTA
+SRR097977.186 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:520:416 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCCC9=?CCC1CCCCC=CCCCAA?AA:
@SRR097977.187 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:496:633 length=36
TACGCTTAATCTGTACTGTGGATTTTTTACTTTATT
+SRR097977.187 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:496:633 length=36
CCC:CCCC?CCC?CCCCCC&,CC-CCCC:-?&03)9
@SRR097977.188 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:503:117 length=36
GCCGATACATTTTTCTGTTTTGATATCTATTATTTG
+SRR097977.188 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:503:117 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC.CCCC-ACCCC&ACA:AA,%
@SRR097977.189 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:670:307 length=36
TCATCATCGAACCAGCAATGGACCCCATCCCCCTCC
+SRR097977.189 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:670:307 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CCCC?C&C<=?CC&CC+=CCA+?++A
@SRR097977.190 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:751:603 length=36
TAGAACGATCACATCGCGCCCCGTAATACCTCCCCG
+SRR097977.190 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:751:603 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC:CCCC:C<CCC&81<38'CA?$??-<
@SRR097977.191 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:754:386 length=36
TCTGGATGTTTGTGATTGAAGGATTGTTTGCAGTCG
+SRR097977.191 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:754:386 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?C9?CC7C?><?CC>?C&7?22>:/
@SRR097977.192 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:412:488 length=36
GTGGATGGAATATGTATCAGTATCCGTTTAATCCCT
+SRR097977.192 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:412:488 length=36
AA?A?C?<A?A2A3?A?A:2<<A.A2AA&.'<18<&
@SRR097977.193 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:568:645 length=36
TGAAGCAGTTTCACCAGCAGTAAACCGCTCGTCACA
+SRR097977.193 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:568:645 length=36
CCCCCCCC>C?CCCC<<CA5::=?AA+47C$&>4,%
@SRR097977.194 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:677:260 length=36
GAATAACACCCGCATGATGGCTTACGCTATCGCCCC
+SRR097977.194 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:677:260 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCA7CACCC<AC2CC9A?&AAA<
@SRR097977.195 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:701:296 length=36
TTTCGACTGGTTTATCACTTTGCGTCTGGTTGACTT
+SRR097977.195 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:701:296 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC&C.<AC5+CA+2A+@
@SRR097977.196 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:381:88 length=36
TTGATGAACGCCGGTTCCGCTTTCTTCTACATTATT
+SRR097977.196 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:381:88 length=36
AA3<A???<<AA<+<A7:AA?&A44.8$,;9-<,*1
@SRR097977.197 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:717:557 length=36
TGGGTTTCCTGAATCGTGAATAAGTCCAGCAAGGTT
+SRR097977.197 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:717:557 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC=>C&C=C6)C??.;?C5&=7+=0;>
@SRR097977.198 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:535:398 length=36
TTTGTGTTACAGCGCAGGGTAAGCGCTGATAAAAGC
+SRR097977.198 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:535:398 length=36
CCC?C<AAAAA3AA?7<:?9AA*?<AA0:<<)15&%
@SRR097977.199 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:692:616 length=36
TGCTGATGTTTATTGTCGGCTTGTTCATTACTTCCG
+SRR097977.199 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:692:616 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC<CC>C&CC,C&*$A0&++))5%
@SRR097977.200 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:684:876 length=36
TTTGTCATTTGTACATTGATGTGGGGCCCGAACAGC
+SRR097977.200 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:684:876 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCACC*CC<4)7C9A4<C0C,88A+-A
@SRR097977.201 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:757:93 length=36
GAAGAAAGTATACGGGAGTCTCTATGTACGTTTGTC
+SRR097977.201 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:757:93 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC><ACAACCCCCC>>CCAAAA,:1
@SRR097977.202 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:915:642 length=36
TGGGGTTTAGTCTTCTTTTTAATCCCTATTCCCGTA
+SRR097977.202 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:915:642 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCAAAA5C&:CB&5><>&&&)$'
@SRR097977.203 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:677:315 length=36
GGCGCAGGTACGGTACTGAAACCTGAACAGGTCGAT
+SRR097977.203 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:677:315 length=36
CCCCCCCC>CCCCC=CCC8=?CC?=5>A?&>5A7/>
@SRR097977.204 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:651:365 length=36
TGCGCCAGTTGAGATCCCGACTCCCGTGCTTCAGGC
+SRR097977.204 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:651:365 length=36
CAA3A?<?:A?:::+<??2<<:0<A&&6<&<<$&,6
@SRR097977.205 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:746:360 length=36
GAAGGGCGTCATCGCGAAGATATTAGCGGTTTTTCC
+SRR097977.205 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:746:360 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACC&C5CC<AC:A0A>>A9&
@SRR097977.206 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:622:566 length=36
TTCCCGTAAAACAGATGACAAACTGTTGTTACAGTA
+SRR097977.206 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:622:566 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACAACCCCCCACCCCC2A+:)8
@SRR097977.207 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:532:263 length=36
GACTTCCGGAGGTTTTTATGGCTGATTTCACCCTTT
+SRR097977.207 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:532:263 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:CCCCCCCCC-?CC42?CC+&???00-
@SRR097977.208 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:309:306 length=36
GTCGAAATATCGATTAGTCGTCATAAATCTTTCCTC
+SRR097977.208 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:309:306 length=36
CC?:CCCCCCC?CC:C79:2?C$<?88*0C???05<
@SRR097977.209 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:894:643 length=36
TCGAGGATTGATCCCCTACCTGCGAACCCGCCCACG
+SRR097977.209 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:894:643 length=36
CC?CCCCCCCC:CCA&:8CC?9C<&&03&6-16-<$
@SRR097977.210 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:453:316 length=36
TCCCCAGATACCGGAGAGAATGCCTGTTGTTATCGC
+SRR097977.210 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:453:316 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC9,CCCC<CCCCCAAC>C&+>;&<
@SRR097977.211 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:777:119 length=36
TGATAGCATTTCAATATTTACTTATGACATTAAAAG
+SRR097977.211 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:777:119 length=36
CCCCC:CCCCCC:CC:CCC8CCC9?&CCC??55??&
@SRR097977.212 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:376:321 length=36
GTCATCAATTGCCGTGATCAACAGCATTTGCGGGTC
+SRR097977.212 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:376:321 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC.ACCA:A>7CACCC&<4&2;'
@SRR097977.213 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:660:315 length=36
GTTGCGCGTAACCAGCACATCCGCCCCCAGTTCTCA
+SRR097977.213 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:660:315 length=36
<A::A<A<3:??</A?+A0$AA-:?<<0*A).;,31
@SRR097977.214 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:645:253 length=36
GATTCCTGATGCGCCCAATAGGCGGCTCGCTCTTTT
+SRR097977.214 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:645:253 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC4C;<AC5<)?&26+7):<<
@SRR097977.215 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:523:716 length=36
TATTTGTATGATAAATAAAACCATAATCCTTGCCCA
+SRR097977.215 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:523:716 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC?CCCCC9CCACA)?A2/
@SRR097977.216 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:263 length=36
TTCAAATTCAACGTCCAGCCACTGGGGATTGAAGTG
+SRR097977.216 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:263 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCC-CCCCCCACC-A<C4<52A,
@SRR097977.217 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:373:442 length=36
TTCATAAATATCTCCTCATTAGACCTTGTACATTAT
+SRR097977.217 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:373:442 length=36
CCC:CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC??4CCCCC3CC&???<<
@SRR097977.218 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:399:656 length=36
TCCATTTTGTTCTCCTTAATTATGTAAGAAGTATTT
+SRR097977.218 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:399:656 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC7CCC&C?,A>AAA
@SRR097977.219 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:484:120 length=36
TTCAATCACCGCGGCGACACCTTGAGTTTTATCCAC
+SRR097977.219 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:484:120 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCA>2>CCACC>C7;C<CCC2AAAA$
@SRR097977.220 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:349:353 length=36
GGCTGCGTAATGGTCCATTGTCGATTTCACGACATA
+SRR097977.220 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:349:353 length=36
CCCCCCCCC9C:8CAC<CC)CC&;CCC;-A)-<>?+
@SRR097977.221 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:352:282 length=36
GGAACAGATCGAACAGCGGCGGGGTCCGCTCTATAC
+SRR097977.221 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:352:282 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCCACCC:&?&,,495$)72/
@SRR097977.222 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:565:349 length=36
GCAAAGCTTTTGGTACCTTCAGGAACACCAGACCAG
+SRR097977.222 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:565:349 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>CCCCCCCC>C5CCCCC9<AAA?8
@SRR097977.223 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:705:165 length=36
TAGAGGTGATGGGTTCCGAAGGGTATTTGATCACCG
+SRR097977.223 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:705:165 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?9C?CC?@0C>?;8CCA/?>;A34$
@SRR097977.224 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:497:54 length=36
GGTGGATCGTCAGAGATGCTCAACGGCGTAGCGTTC
+SRR097977.224 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:497:54 length=36
CCCCCCCC:CCC:C:9C:C<C?<C?3C00?*?'5?<
@SRR097977.225 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:362:314 length=36
GAGCAGATGCCTCTTATAGCAATACGCCTGGCCCGG
+SRR097977.225 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:362:314 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACC-?CCCABACCA)&A)?5<
@SRR097977.226 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:758:533 length=36
TATGGTGGAAATAATCACTCAGGCGAGAAAACCTGC
+SRR097977.226 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:758:533 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC?CCCCC1C<CC;?A85?2+773;0)?
@SRR097977.227 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:836:542 length=36
TTAGCGATGTTATTGCGAACCATGGCGTTATCGCCC
+SRR097977.227 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:836:542 length=36
C?CCC?CCCCCCCC=C?>?&C8:>:C)A>7+&-):/
@SRR097977.228 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:798:293 length=36
TAAAACGCACACGGCGAAACTCAAACCAGCTCAGCG
+SRR097977.228 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:798:293 length=36
CCCCCC?CCC?CCCC><5CC?C++CCC1;$+?+7A'
@SRR097977.229 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:376:29 length=36
GTACCATCACCTGCTGGCGCAAAGGCGATAACCGGA
+SRR097977.229 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:376:29 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>CCC7C7CC4CC<C+ACA=AA=27
@SRR097977.230 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:153 length=36
TGATGAACGCAAGTCTGACAATGTGGGATGCAACTT
+SRR097977.230 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:153 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCCACC4CC5<C752A<A-7A?1
@SRR097977.231 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:348 length=36
GCAATTGATTAATAAACATGTTGATTTATTCAAGAA
+SRR097977.231 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:348 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC?CCC<CCCC&?CC?CCCACCA?A&5;
@SRR097977.232 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:230:232 length=36
GACGTAATATTGGCTCATCATCGGCATGTGCATGCC
+SRR097977.232 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:230:232 length=36
CC<?3A?::AA3-AA:?A<;<A<?A=>>*'1,3*)6
@SRR097977.233 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:484:48 length=36
GCTTCTTATTTAAGGCGTTTCTTTAATCCCATCAAC
+SRR097977.233 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:484:48 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>9&C9ACCCCACC7CCCC8AAA,@
@SRR097977.234 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:746:293 length=36
TAACTCCCCTGTTTTTATTACGCGCTCGCGCTCCTT
+SRR097977.234 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:746:293 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC<CAC7CCC+C+<$<A;+
@SRR097977.235 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:331:340 length=36
TATGTTCCGCCCCGCGATGCACACCACCAATTCCCC
+SRR097977.235 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:331:340 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCCC?C>=C>C?C>CC1CC?7AA>AA>
@SRR097977.236 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:701:471 length=36
TGGTGCTGGAGCTGCTACTTTGCTGCTTCCCGCCTT
+SRR097977.236 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:701:471 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCAC>CC<CACCCA)&A2A
@SRR097977.237 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:718:547 length=36
TCATACAGGCGCATTAGTGCCAGTTCAATTTCCGGG
+SRR097977.237 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:718:547 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACC5AC?CCCC;CA+<<AAAA)$1
@SRR097977.238 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:592:919 length=36
TTCTTACCATCCTGAAGTTTTTTCATCTTCCCTGAT
+SRR097977.238 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:592:919 length=36
C?CCCCC?CCCCC?+C>5?1CC?C6>C5CC?;?2)A
@SRR097977.239 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:682:202 length=36
TGATCCCAACGCCATTGATTTAACCGCCCGCCTTTT
+SRR097977.239 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:682:202 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC<CC<CC?CC4CC)CCC);AA7A7
@SRR097977.240 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:596:670 length=36
GTTCAAGCTGGAATTCCGTTCCGAGTATCATTTTCG
+SRR097977.240 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:596:670 length=36
C??CCCCCC?:???CCC*CCCC22?A<A8??*'&--
@SRR097977.241 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:530:348 length=36
TCTCGGACTCTTCTTTCTTGTGATGCGTAATGAAGT
+SRR097977.241 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:530:348 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC.C>CC>C7CCAA5?5&@
@SRR097977.242 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:116 length=36
GTTATTTGTTAGTGTAATGTTATGTCTATATCTCCT
+SRR097977.242 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:116 length=36
CACACCA?AAA3A3?A*A3<A?A-+>A;+&'-$1+1
@SRR097977.243 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:760:107 length=36
TACGTCTGGGGCTGGCTTACGGCCCCCCGGGGATCT
+SRR097977.243 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:760:107 length=36
CCCCCCC:?:?CC:<CC?9C?4CCCC&&360)&0&8
@SRR097977.244 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:494:344 length=36
TTCGTTATCCGTCATCATATCCATCAGCCCGCTATA
+SRR097977.244 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:494:344 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C?C<CC:C?CCC??CA+CCC)??0A>
@SRR097977.245 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:598:634 length=36
TTCCGTAGTCGCTGATTGTTTTACCGCCTGATTGGC
+SRR097977.245 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:598:634 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC=CC<CCCC9CAAC4C++82&+5
@SRR097977.246 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:487:296 length=36
GTCAGTTGTTGCTGGCATGATTTCAGTACGGCAACT
+SRR097977.246 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:487:296 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC0CC5C.CCCCC+-<AA?2:5+87
@SRR097977.247 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:548:111 length=36
GACACTGTCATTGGAGGCAATAATTTTCGCCTCCTT
+SRR097977.247 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:548:111 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCC.C5.5<C1CCC?<C??&?A?&&?A
@SRR097977.248 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:77 length=36
TTCGACGTTTGGTGGGACTAAGAAAGCATACGGGCG
+SRR097977.248 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:77 length=36
CCA?AA?AAA<3A<&:7AA8A::?A*A=>8<*)8<-
@SRR097977.249 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:441:292 length=36
GGGTAGGTATTACTCAGGACGAGGCGGTCGTGCCAC
+SRR097977.249 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:441:292 length=36
C:CCC::CCCCCCCC<8?6A:C28C<608'&&&,'$
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ cat *
@SRR097977.1 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:178 length=36
TATTCTGCCATAATGAAATTCGCCACTTGTTAGTGT
+SRR097977.1 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:178 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>CCCCC7CCCCCCACA?5A5<
@SRR097977.2 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:365:371 length=36
GGTTACTCTTTTAACCTTGATGTTTCGACGCTGTAT
+SRR097977.2 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:365:371 length=36
CC:?:CC:?CCCCC??C?:?C-&:C:,?<&*?+7?<
@SRR097977.3 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:569 length=36
TTGTTCGCTTTTGGTAATTAATCCCGGAAATAATAA
+SRR097977.3 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:569 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC&9AACCC,C>CCAA&0?4A9&A<6
@SRR097977.4 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:715:205 length=36
TATCACTAAAGATCAAATCATTGAAGCAGTTGCAGC
+SRR097977.4 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:715:205 length=36
CCCCCCC:CCC:CCC:CCC9CC??CCCC?0?*?1--
@SRR097977.5 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:639:209 length=36
TATCTATCAAAGCCAGGCAATGGAAGACCTACTCCC
+SRR097977.5 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:639:209 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C?CC3C?CC5C?C1C<?CC8AA+AA%
@SRR097977.6 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:721:225 length=36
TGAAAAACAGAAAGGTAAATCAGTGAAATTTTTCAC
+SRR097977.6 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:721:225 length=36
CCCCCC?CC:CC?CCC?CCC?CCC?C:?C???;?9<
@SRR097977.7 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:660:222 length=36
TTTCGGGTAGAAATAAACCAGAACATGCTGTCCCTG
+SRR097977.7 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:660:222 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?CCCC>CC<CC5C,C>CC8???A>*
@SRR097977.8 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:629:532 length=36
TTCACGACCCGGCGTTTTCAGATCCAGTGCTTTAAT
+SRR097977.8 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:629:532 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCCC0A<CCC27CACAA?>?<
@SRR097977.9 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:356:270 length=36
GAGCGTTAGTTGGTTATATGCTTAATGCTACTAAAA
+SRR097977.9 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:356:270 length=36
CCCC:CC?CCC:CCC?C:C,CCC*CC4C:C&?07;&
@SRR097977.10 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:734:620 length=36
TGTTGGTAATATAGTTTCAAGTGTTACTATAACTGG
+SRR097977.10 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:734:620 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC?<5A.+AACCAC25AA25
@SRR097977.11 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:247:351 length=36
GATTGCTTTAATGAAAAAGTCATATAAGTTGCCATG
+SRR097977.11 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:247:351 length=36
CCCC:CCCC?CC:CCCCC7CCCCCCC;+CC0077?-
@SRR097977.12 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:286:270 length=36
GAACACGCTATGGATAAATTCAAAAAAATTATGAAA
+SRR097977.12 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:286:270 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C::CCC4CC,C?<?::<?CC7?&0?'
@SRR097977.13 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:207 length=36
TGACTGTCCATCTGGAAGTGGAAGACGATCGTCTCC
+SRR097977.13 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:207 length=36
CCCCC:CCCCCCC0?2??9C9*C??C088?)-5;<-
@SRR097977.14 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:690:154 length=36
TAACGCACGCAGCGGTAGCCGGCCATTCCCCCCCTC
+SRR097977.14 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:690:154 length=36
CCCC?CCC?CC?C>,?&<C+&>C+1&$C4472)$06
@SRR097977.15 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:717:529 length=36
TAATTATTTAAGCACTTGATAAATTTGGAAATATTA
+SRR097977.15 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:717:529 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC:CCCCCCCCCC2CCC38;??;<??-
@SRR097977.16 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:651:373 length=36
TTTTCCTGCTTTCAAGATATATAACGTCTGTTTTTA
+SRR097977.16 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:651:373 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC7ACC>CACCCC7>C&<>AA+?+
@SRR097977.17 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:648:197 length=36
TGACGCAAAAAGCGCTTGGTCTGCCGATGGCCCTGC
+SRR097977.17 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:648:197 length=36
?A:C33:<<<A:?3<A??A<AA+A+<.0*9<)9**%
@SRR097977.18 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:687:668 length=36
TATTGATAGGAGTCATATTATGGAAGGTAAAAACAA
+SRR097977.18 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:687:668 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C?CC3C?CC8C?7C>>-?C??:7?0/
@SRR097977.19 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:704:205 length=36
TAGGGCCAGCAATTGAGATTATTAGCAAAAGCATGT
+SRR097977.19 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:704:205 length=36
CCC??CCCCCCCCC<?CCCCCC?C>CC1>42?A?>?
@SRR097977.20 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:682:241 length=36
TTACGAATGATCTCAATCACTTCGTCGATATTGAGA
+SRR097977.20 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:682:241 length=36
CCCC?C?CCCCCCCC.CCCCCCC?4C48<7A?2;+?
@SRR097977.21 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:642:214 length=36
TTCGTTACCCAGACCCGCATCGCGCCATTGTTCGAG
+SRR097977.21 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:642:214 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC:?CCCCC9<CCC?C*ACCC???013
@SRR097977.22 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:761:474 length=36
TTAATTATCTTTAACGAAACTTAATGGGTAATTACT
+SRR097977.22 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:761:474 length=36
CCC?CCCCCCCCC>C9<?<CCCC?C-6+C&2?A9>A
@SRR097977.23 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:713:144 length=36
TGTGGACTAAGCATAGCCATTTACAAATGGGGACCT
+SRR097977.23 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:713:144 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC<A>ACCC<C<<+->+;+<
@SRR097977.24 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:285:372 length=36
GCAATACGTCTACCTTTAGCGAGAACGTGTAAGGTA
+SRR097977.24 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:285:372 length=36
CCCC?CCCCCCC???CCC9C>><5?C6>66?292A)
@SRR097977.25 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:345:360 length=36
GTGCGGGCAATTAACAGGGGTTCACTCATGAGATAT
+SRR097977.25 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:345:360 length=36
C:?CC:??C?C??44-0?:,24C4CC3*?,60??'9
@SRR097977.26 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:438:108 length=36
GCAAAAGATTACCAGGCGGACATGACTCGCTTCCTG
+SRR097977.26 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:438:108 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>ACC7CCCCCCAC?A?A+%
@SRR097977.27 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:654:130 length=36
TACGCATCTTACCTCTTTTTTAGAGATAACCATTAT
+SRR097977.27 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:654:130 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCCCC?CCCC>>C5C?C;CAAAA+?
@SRR097977.28 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:141 length=36
TTTGATACCAATAAACGGCACCAGCAGCCCACCCCG
+SRR097977.28 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:141 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:CC?C<C:CC<CC82C&8CCC:???'%
@SRR097977.29 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:642:72 length=36
TACACAATACTATGTAAATGGAAATATATCATTTTC
+SRR097977.29 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:642:72 length=36
CCCCC:CC?CC?C:C?4CCC4CCC:C:CCC?????3
@SRR097977.30 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:662:97 length=36
TCAGATAAAAATGACTGACGGAACTCTAAATTCATT
+SRR097977.30 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:662:97 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCC>CCA>AACACC<6<AAA?A&
@SRR097977.31 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:569:519 length=36
TTATGATTTCCAGACCGGACTTTCCGTTTCGCTGTA
+SRR097977.31 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:569:519 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC9C+CCCCCCCCCAACCCC+>A+?5
@SRR097977.32 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:302:267 length=36
GTCAGGTGGACGACTGACATAGTCATCATCTCTGTC
+SRR097977.32 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:302:267 length=36
C:CCCCC?CCC?CCCC<CCCCC:C?CC?CC?????3
@SRR097977.33 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:856:550 length=36
TTAACAAATATGGTCGGTATCCATACGGTGCTGGTA
+SRR097977.33 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:856:550 length=36
CCCCCCCC?C::8CC?7CC2CC6?<<3*00'0)0-+
@SRR097977.34 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:368:265 length=36
GCCTGAATAATAAAAGCGTGTTATACTCTTTCCCTG
+SRR097977.34 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:368:265 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CCCCC>CCC7CC?C+?CCCC??>AA0
@SRR097977.35 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:311:353 length=36
GCACCGGTATTGGTCTGGCCGTTTCTCGTCTTCTTG
+SRR097977.35 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:311:353 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC??CCC>CCCCCCCCCC&?<+?2A&*
@SRR097977.36 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:742:191 length=36
TCTGGAAAATGACTCAGGGCCGTGTCCATGTGACCC
+SRR097977.36 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:742:191 length=36
CCCCC?CC:CCCCCCC::CCC28<<CC&?6>--??$
@SRR097977.37 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:623:892 length=36
TTACGGCTAAATAAACATCAGTATCGCCTAATAATT
+SRR097977.37 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:623:892 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC,C7CC<C<CAC5C+C4AA&AA%
@SRR097977.38 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:668:856 length=36
TTACACCGGTCAGAATTTTGCTCATTATGCCGCACA
+SRR097977.38 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:668:856 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCC??<>C<:1C?C??C8>4)+>)A>5
@SRR097977.39 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:744:509 length=36
TTTTGCGAGGTTTTGTTTTCAGCAAAGCGCAGGTTC
+SRR097977.39 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:744:509 length=36
CCCCCC:CCCCCCCCCCC<CC:C>C;0;*;'7??63
@SRR097977.40 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:574:228 length=36
TTTTACAGGTGAGAGCGTCACTTCAGGGTAGCGAGA
+SRR097977.40 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:574:228 length=36
?CAA???33?::3<02<:?0?:+A7+,&&'-84,4%
@SRR097977.41 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:624:519 length=36
TTCTAAAGCAATCAACGAAGATGCTGCGGGTAACTA
+SRR097977.41 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:624:519 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC;CC>CAC<5CAACC5A2&??)<
@SRR097977.42 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:650:254 length=36
GCATACCACCCGACGGGTGATCCGTGCTCCTGCTCC
+SRR097977.42 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:650:254 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCCCCA<CCC<C<CCCCA,AA&A
@SRR097977.43 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:747:529 length=36
TTAATGCCAACTCGTCGCATCCGTTTGAAAACCCAC
+SRR097977.43 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:747:529 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCC>+C<C?5CC5??C+581>AAAA5
@SRR097977.44 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:366:432 length=36
TTTGATTTATAAAGACAATGTGTCTTATTTTTTTTA
+SRR097977.44 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:366:432 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC/ACC>C5C&.<.+>.CC5+:&?*
@SRR097977.45 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:331:267 length=36
GAATCAGGAGCGAGACCGGATACCGTTGCGGCCCGT
+SRR097977.45 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:331:267 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCC?C?CCCC=CC?C;CC<$;+>A-35
@SRR097977.46 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:346:283 length=36
GCCATTAAGCATCTCTGGTGTGTTGATGAGCTCCAG
+SRR097977.46 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:346:283 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>AC.CCCC.CC7A<>AA>A1
@SRR097977.47 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:761:347 length=36
TCTGTTGAATGCTGTTACAGTTCCTTCCCTTGTGAT
+SRR097977.47 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:761:347 length=36
AAAAAA<<<:3AA&?32?:3A+.:?<*;>2)$.&--
@SRR097977.48 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:277:350 length=36
GCACGTTCAATGGAACCGTTGATCAGACGCTTACCA
+SRR097977.48 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:277:350 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC:CCCCC?CC4<CC?9;C3C??6;9&
@SRR097977.49 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:874:231 length=36
TCAACACGCTTCATTTAGAGTCGGGGCGTTTCATCT
+SRR097977.49 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:874:231 length=36
C?CCCCC?C:CCC?:?::8?CC?44?&48:?7&6'-
@SRR097977.50 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:360:368 length=36
GCGGAGCTGGTGATTGGCGAACTGCTGCTGCTATTT
+SRR097977.50 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:360:368 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCA>C>9CCC>CC5CC5A?;AA+
@SRR097977.51 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:800:575 length=36
TAGAAAAAGATAGCCTTTATGGAGGTTCCTTCCATT
+SRR097977.51 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:800:575 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC<C>&><?C5C52?8?2%
@SRR097977.52 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:666:339 length=36
TTTTGGGTGTGAGTTGCAAGAGGGGAGACTACTGAA
+SRR097977.52 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:666:339 length=36
CCCCC::C?C:??CC?CC4?::?C:0?6C:&?60-3
@SRR097977.53 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:692:184 length=36
TAATTGACCATGGTGTTTCATCTCTGCCAGCTTTAA
+SRR097977.53 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:692:184 length=36
CCCCC?CCCC?:8C:?CCC??CCCC8C96*??*0-3
@SRR097977.54 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:295:322 length=36
GAGAGTAGCTTGCGTCAATGGGCCAGGTGGGCTTTC
+SRR097977.54 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:295:322 length=36
CA<3?A?AA3<:32?AA<<*:<**42+'20&<18$+
@SRR097977.55 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:678:235 length=36
TTTCCATTCACTGTACTGAGCTGCGCCTGCTGACTA
+SRR097977.55 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:678:235 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCAC?CC.<4CC-CCCC?<C>//A9<
@SRR097977.56 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:655:218 length=36
GTTTTACAGTATTTTGTAGTCTGTTTTTTATTCAAA
+SRR097977.56 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:655:218 length=36
C?CCCCC??C:?CCC::C0*CC4CCCCCC,?+6)1-
@SRR097977.57 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:807:529 length=36
TTAGCCCCATAATACCATTATCACATTGTTGCTTAT
+SRR097977.57 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:807:529 length=36
CCCCCCCC?C?CCCCC5CC?CC?&&1>??;-)5A;A
@SRR097977.58 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:635:196 length=36
TCTGCCTGAAGCACCCAGTTAAGGCTCTCGTCTTTC
+SRR097977.58 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:635:196 length=36
C2AAAAA<<:AA?<AA0A*??+<2*<<=6.)-'<<6
@SRR097977.59 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:689:530 length=36
TATAGTTCCATCCTGTTGTAGCGTGGCCTGGAAATG
+SRR097977.59 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:689:530 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC?CC><+<C-A<5C><-&-5+;1
@SRR097977.60 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:396:86 length=36
GGTGGCGAACAAAGTCGTTAACGACGGCATTAAATA
+SRR097977.60 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:396:86 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC:CC:CC:CCCCC4<C3,C;C?79-51
@SRR097977.61 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:329:276 length=36
GCTATATCCCGTCATTATATATCTTATTCCTGGATG
+SRR097977.61 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:329:276 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC:CCCCCCC?CCCC&CCCCCC?0&'?3
@SRR097977.62 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:356:265 length=36
GCGTATGTTATCTGGCGGGATGAAGCGCCGTTTAAT
+SRR097977.62 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:356:265 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCCC>C?>C80C>8CC>;CC4AAA95A
@SRR097977.63 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:624:549 length=36
TGTTAGCGGCGACGCTTTCATCAACGGTTCTGTTTG
+SRR097977.63 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:624:549 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC>CCCCC&CC>>C2+<<+:)8A:*
@SRR097977.64 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:649:416 length=36
TTCTTACTCATGCTTCCTCCGCGTTGTTGCATTGTT
+SRR097977.64 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:649:416 length=36
AAAAC?AAAAA3AAAAAAAA<A:<A>>A,>4<<&*%
@SRR097977.65 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:377:94 length=36
GACGGCGCGAAAATGGTACTTTAAAGGGCTATTGCG
+SRR097977.65 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:377:94 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCAC>AA4ACCCCCA->+<C2AA421
@SRR097977.66 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:550:637 length=36
TTTCAGATAATGTTCCTCCTTAAATCTATCAACCAG
+SRR097977.66 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:550:637 length=36
3<?<A:A:??3:AA&<AAAA+??2&.A1<?,<<4;-
@SRR097977.67 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:544:566 length=36
TTGTCCACGCTTTTCTATGTAAAGTTTATTTGCTTT
+SRR097977.67 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:544:566 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCCCC+CCC7CC?C>&7&5CCA&?A?A
@SRR097977.68 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:110 length=36
TGAAGCCTGCTTTTTTATACTAAGTTTGCATTATAA
+SRR097977.68 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:110 length=36
C3AC3CAA?AAAAAA?AA0AA*22A<2*>0<<<<1;
@SRR097977.69 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:709:108 length=36
TGACTACACCATTGACTGAGAGCGGGTATTTCTCCC
+SRR097977.69 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:709:108 length=36
C?A<?<3<AAA:A?7??2<20:?::<+4:<34-<<-
@SRR097977.70 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:438:344 length=36
GTTTTACTGATTAATGCTTTTTCTGGCGTAATTGAT
+SRR097977.70 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:438:344 length=36
C:CCC?CCC?CCCCC:CCC?CCC&,:',&60*?*?3
@SRR097977.71 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:431:87 length=36
TGTTCAGCAGTTCCGTTGCCTGTACATGTCCCTCCA
+SRR097977.71 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:431:87 length=36
C?CCCC?CC?CCCC+CC8CCC7C4C+C+-C??&??0
@SRR097977.72 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:496:219 length=36
TACTGTTGCAGATGATTCCACTGCGTGGCTGCATTG
+SRR097977.72 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:496:219 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:??C:CCCCC&CC,C:C4&??&?'??)
@SRR097977.73 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:482:356 length=36
GTTATGCAACAGTCTACCCCGTATCTCTCATTTCTC
+SRR097977.73 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:482:356 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC?CCCCCCCCC?<>CCCCCCC?AAA+?
@SRR097977.74 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:335:233 length=36
GCTACGAGGATGGATTATTTAATGCAAGATCTAACG
+SRR097977.74 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:335:233 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC:CCCCCCCCCCC4CC?,9C??60?)
@SRR097977.75 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:155 length=36
TGTGAGGAAGATGGTGTCGAATATCAGCGTAAGCTG
+SRR097977.75 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:155 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCC?>+CCC>C=CCCCC1C8<73-=2$
@SRR097977.76 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:456:116 length=36
TCCTGGCTCATTTCAGGCAGGATCAGCAGACCCTCC
+SRR097977.76 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:456:116 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCCC>1CCCC5CCC>C???AAAAAA
@SRR097977.77 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:450:284 length=36
TAATCGCCGCACTCAACAGAATACGCGCGTTCGGCT
+SRR097977.77 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:450:284 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCC<5C??=CC>C:C<C;8AA>?A?
@SRR097977.78 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:272:330 length=36
GCGCCATCAGCGGTGAGATGAGTTTTTTTACGTCTT
+SRR097977.78 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:272:330 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCAA+?>AC4>AACCCCC&5++&28*
@SRR097977.79 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:462:360 length=36
TTTCTTTTTTCATTTCAGGAGCGATTTTCATCTGTT
+SRR097977.79 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:462:360 length=36
CCCCCCC?CC:CC?CC?8764?2*CCC:C0???0;<
@SRR097977.80 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:258:281 length=36
GTGGCGCTGCTGCATAAGTTGGGTTATCAGGTCGTT
+SRR097977.80 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:258:281 length=36
CCCCC:CCCCC?CCCCCCCC:?*CCACCC:)??0?<
@SRR097977.81 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:445:46 length=36
GAAATCTTCTCTGTAAATTTGTCGTAAATAATCATT
+SRR097977.81 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:445:46 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>CA<CCCC0-C7CCC<CC?AAA+A
@SRR097977.82 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:763:76 length=36
TTCTTTTGTTAATAATCCCTGTGTGATATTCTTCAC
+SRR097977.82 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:763:76 length=36
??A<AAA3<AA?AAAA??A32A2A?&A6AA3&<.-6
@SRR097977.83 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:472:347 length=36
GCTGCCATTCTTGTAACGTTAATGCTGTCCAGGCTT
+SRR097977.83 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:472:347 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCC>C<8CCCCCCC>CC6CCC9++A?A
@SRR097977.84 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:654:242 length=36
TACTGCGCAATGTAATGCCAACGTTCACACGTTCTT
+SRR097977.84 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:654:242 length=36
CCCC:CCC?CC?C?AC:CC?CC?C?C&88=5??-69
@SRR097977.85 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:519:189 length=36
TCAATATTAAGATAGCTGTTGGTATCAAGAAAACTG
+SRR097977.85 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:519:189 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?C??CC1CC77CCCC;?-C2>??A0
@SRR097977.86 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:444:281 length=36
GCCACTGCGACTATCCGCAGCGGTAATGACGACTGC
+SRR097977.86 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:444:281 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>C7ACAA552CAAC2?A:)<
@SRR097977.87 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:629:473 length=36
TAAATTCAACCAGACCGCTATAACACTGCACCGAAG
+SRR097977.87 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:629:473 length=36
?<A3AA3C?:??//0&<&:0:::&$*+:&*<)*--%
@SRR097977.88 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:407:320 length=36
GCAATGTTCAGCATCGCTTTTGCGGTCCACTCTTCC
+SRR097977.88 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:407:320 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>CC.ACCACAAAAA1
@SRR097977.89 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:487:64 length=36
TAAGTAGATGAAGAAAAAAATTGAATCCTACCAGGT
+SRR097977.89 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:487:64 length=36
CCCCCC?CC:C??CCCC2C<CCCCCCCCC<??3)0'
@SRR097977.90 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:727:229 length=36
TGTACCCTGGTGGGTATCGTTCTTGGTGATATGAAA
+SRR097977.90 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:727:229 length=36
C?AAAAACA:<3/:;;AA<.AA?A.>&;11$<++93
@SRR097977.91 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:335:359 length=36
GTTAATGAAAAACAAGGAGATCTCGCATGATGCATC
+SRR097977.91 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:335:359 length=36
CC?CCC?CCC?CCC=C?C7CCCCC>C7C?:A?=?A5
@SRR097977.92 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:353:318 length=36
GGCAAAATGGTCCTCCAGCCAGGCCAGAAGCAAGTT
+SRR097977.92 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:353:318 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:CCCCAC8CCCCC4CCCC;CC??3??<
@SRR097977.93 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:150 length=36
TCGGCAACGTCCTCTACCACGGGTCCTATTGCCATC
+SRR097977.93 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:630:150 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC<CCC5C77<ACC<A-<,AA-:%
@SRR097977.94 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:685:885 length=36
GGTGAAATCGGCGTATTCACCATATTTATTGACGGT
+SRR097977.94 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:685:885 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC-CACC>C55+ACCAC2&725>1
@SRR097977.95 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:475:210 length=36
TCAAACTACCACCGATTAAAAACTCACTCAAACCTT
+SRR097977.95 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:475:210 length=36
C?AAA3:A?CAA3<*/'33<:A<0A<4A>A&1)&<+
@SRR097977.96 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:796:222 length=36
TCTTCCGGTATTTACGCGATGAAAGAAAACGATACG
+SRR097977.96 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:796:222 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACAC<7CC<A+C<AC,A,AA1
@SRR097977.97 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:686:659 length=36
TCCTGGTTGGCAGAGTACGCTTGCGCAACGTCGGTT
+SRR097977.97 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:686:659 length=36
:AA<::3?:AAA3?+?<:&A2<&*.64$A*,&1$-+
@SRR097977.98 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:352 length=36
GCGAGGATGTAACGCTGCCATAACGGATTTAAAGTC
+SRR097977.98 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:352 length=36
CCC?CCCCCCCCCCCC>CC<C>CC;?1CCC7::2??
@SRR097977.99 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:297:280 length=36
GCAGCGAGGGCAAACCAGATCCGCTCGTTCTCCGGC
+SRR097977.99 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:297:280 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCCACCCCC<CCCACCCAAA>5A
@SRR097977.100 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:176 length=36
TCTACCCCTTCCGCCACGCTACTCAGACCAGGCTTA
+SRR097977.100 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:176 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CC?CCCC?+<1C:C5+1CC&+&A505
@SRR097977.101 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:317:328 length=36
GCGTATCTATTCCCATATTCGCCAAAGCAAAACCAC
+SRR097977.101 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:317:328 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCCCC?C>CCC7CCC:?&CC>:?AA7;
@SRR097977.102 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:405:114 length=36
TGGTAAATATCAGCAGAACCAGGAAAACTGGCCAGT
+SRR097977.102 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:405:114 length=36
C:CCCCCCCCCC?CC:8CCCCC:82CCC:?5??-5<
@SRR097977.103 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:875:675 length=36
TGACGAAGTACTCACTAGCGTTGCCGCCCCCTTTCC
+SRR097977.103 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:875:675 length=36
3<AAAAA3A<<??0*:'.1-004A7.AA.+<'.--+
@SRR097977.104 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:506:86 length=36
GCTGATGCATTAAGCCTTTCTGGACTCAGGCAGAGA
+SRR097977.104 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:506:86 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC9CCCCCCC7.ACCCA77A?4A55
@SRR097977.105 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:488:102 length=36
TTTTGTCAGATATCCGCTGGCAATACTTCCTAAATC
+SRR097977.105 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:488:102 length=36
CCCC:CCCCCCCCCC-CC84C?CC?CCCCC?69??<
@SRR097977.106 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:805:275 length=36
TCAAGGACTGATAATGACAGATGGTATCTCAACTTC
+SRR097977.106 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:805:275 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC?CCCC?7C???CC<CCC>CC72????
@SRR097977.107 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:353:443 length=36
TATTAACTGAATTCGTGACTGCCATTCTTCATTTGA
+SRR097977.107 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:353:443 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC&C7C9<AC7CC&CCCCCC+,,A2+
@SRR097977.108 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:489:281 length=36
GGTCATGTGGTGCTGGGTGCCAGTGAGATCCATCCG
+SRR097977.108 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:489:281 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C:CCC:CC?CCC*C?;8;CC?'>??)
@SRR097977.109 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:284:314 length=36
GGTTCGCGCCTGGTTTACTGGCGGTGCGGCGGCACA
+SRR097977.109 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:284:314 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCCCCCCC?>C+?,178+?$->&&$
@SRR097977.110 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:449:373 length=36
TCCAGCGAACACCATCACATTCCATACCGGAGTTGG
+SRR097977.110 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:449:373 length=36
CCCC?CCCCCCCC?CC<CCCCCC)?1CC+47+>A20
@SRR097977.111 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:765:837 length=36
TTCCATTGCTGTATTTTCCTTCTTTTTTACTTTCAC
+SRR097977.111 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:765:837 length=36
?<AC??:?A??0AA)A?AA4<A4??=>1>A61<<16
@SRR097977.112 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:61 length=36
TTATACATAATGCGCTGCCTTGAGGAATTCCCTGAA
+SRR097977.112 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:61 length=36
CAAAAAACAA?3A3A?/A*??2?22;;A<;<;<*51
@SRR097977.113 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:518:628 length=36
TAAAAAAGTGGCTGAATCGTTAAGGATGTTCTTGAG
+SRR097977.113 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:518:628 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:CCCC3CC<?CCC2&2;C3+;')&5/&
@SRR097977.114 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:465:326 length=36
TCTTACCACCCCTCATGTGACTATTGAACGCTATAG
+SRR097977.114 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:465:326 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC4CAACCCCCCC>2CC&AA2A?*
@SRR097977.115 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:432:374 length=36
TTCTGCCTATTTTCTGTCTCAAACCCACGTCGCATT
+SRR097977.115 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:432:374 length=36
3AAAA?AA:AAAA<A:&:A?:?7&:<++60)<)))%
@SRR097977.116 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:714:729 length=36
TGTTAAGAAAACATCCATAAATTAAATGTGAATTGC
+SRR097977.116 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:714:729 length=36
C??CCC?CCCCCC?*CC?C0CC:C4C><<>5<):5>
@SRR097977.117 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:267:313 length=36
GATCCCGACGTCAGCAACGCCCAGTCTCCCCGCGCC
+SRR097977.117 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:267:313 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCACCACACCCCCCCCCCCA8A8A>
@SRR097977.118 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:104 length=36
GACAACCGCTCTGTCTTTATCCGCCACAAACGTCAT
+SRR097977.118 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:104 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCCCCCCCC&CCAC4A:A;4A<8
@SRR097977.119 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:658:901 length=36
TGGGTAATTGCCCGCAGATCTTTAACGTCGAGCAGT
+SRR097977.119 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:658:901 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>CA7CACC4C&C&A2;AA??7
@SRR097977.120 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:767:871 length=36
TCTGGATCGCGTTTCCCGTCTCCCGTACCCTGCTTC
+SRR097977.120 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:767:871 length=36
CCCCCCC?CCC6CC>CC<1&CC&C)&*>&;'*8/<8
@SRR097977.121 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:349:274 length=36
GCATGGAAATCTTCTTCACCATACTTATAATGACCC
+SRR097977.121 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:349:274 length=36
CCCC:?9CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC1CC&8C66?)6??3
@SRR097977.122 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:595:250 length=36
TAGAAATAGCCATCCGGGTAAAGCGGTTTTTACAGC
+SRR097977.122 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:595:250 length=36
CC??:CCCCC?::CCC,CC1:,8C?38CC:06?1&<
@SRR097977.123 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:813:579 length=36
TAAGACGCGTTAGTGTCTTCTCTGGCATTTTCCCCC
+SRR097977.123 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:813:579 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>C4ACCA4<C<++C)5?+7?2A8%
@SRR097977.124 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:184 length=36
TTGCCACGGTGATGCACGTTCCGGCAGATGCCCACG
+SRR097977.124 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:184 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?C7C<C5C8CC5=C?//11?)A-$)
@SRR097977.125 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:657:621 length=36
TGCTGGCGCGTCATGACGTCAAAGGCGACAACGAAG
+SRR097977.125 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:657:621 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC<C+?C<4><<0-4A&$C57;)-</
@SRR097977.126 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:648:201 length=36
TCTGGAGGGGAGTTTCAGACACGCCGTTTCTTGCCT
+SRR097977.126 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:648:201 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC8?CC?C,9<CCC)CC?*?CA9?0:?3
@SRR097977.127 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:366:251 length=36
TGATCGAGACATGTTTAAAAATTGCTTTCCATAATT
+SRR097977.127 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:366:251 length=36
CCCCC:CCCCCC?CCCCCCCCC-4CCC,,C??6:?<
@SRR097977.128 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:485:245 length=36
TAATTAAGGAGAACAAAATGGAACTTAAAAAATTGA
+SRR097977.128 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:485:245 length=36
CCCCCCCC:C?CCCCC:CCC:CCCCCC?39?6??03
@SRR097977.129 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:434:370 length=36
GTACCCGAACGTCGATTTCTACTCTGTTATCATCCT
+SRR097977.129 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:434:370 length=36
?A<3:::<::A:<:/A::3?&<?<A2+::>--<&6;
@SRR097977.130 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:683:902 length=36
TATCGCTGGTCACGCGCTTACCGTTTACGCTTTCCC
+SRR097977.130 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:683:902 length=36
C?CCCCCCC:CCCC)CC99CCC&)<8;C8C)>&?9%
@SRR097977.131 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:343:120 length=36
GAAATCTTTCGCTGCATTTGCGAATTCTGCTTTTCT
+SRR097977.131 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:343:120 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC>C>CCCCCC>CAA,A?A
@SRR097977.132 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:790:756 length=36
TAAAACAGGAAGTAGCGTTCTATCACCTAATTCACC
+SRR097977.132 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:790:756 length=36
AAA?A?A:?<A3?<-A:74&??4A?<A:0*<'<;;;
@SRR097977.133 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:604:234 length=36
GCTTTACTTATGGGCGGTTTCAAATAAAGGACGCAA
+SRR097977.133 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:604:234 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:C:8?C::*??C::2C?&43&0?0-)+
@SRR097977.134 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:552:449 length=36
TCTTGAATATCTATAGAAGGTTCACTATTATACAAC
+SRR097977.134 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:552:449 length=36
CCCC?C:CCCCC:CC:CC82CCC*C?4CC'?-$):9
@SRR097977.135 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:259:307 length=36
GCGCTGGATTTGTTCGCTGACGTTATTTATGAATTT
+SRR097977.135 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:259:307 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?CCC?CC>?CC,CCCCCCC+9:AA%
@SRR097977.136 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:843:808 length=36
TTTTATGTGATTGGCGTGAACATATCCTTTTCCCTT
+SRR097977.136 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:843:808 length=36
CCCCCC?CC>CC9>&5CCA0CC6C+8C:=$=/7$A/
@SRR097977.137 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:474:262 length=36
GTCACCAGCGATAACGCTTCACGAACAAAGCCGCTG
+SRR097977.137 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:474:262 length=36
C?CCC?:CC:CCC-C?CCCC<C:*<?&:88??6?&3
@SRR097977.138 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:568:531 length=36
TTGCTAAACAACACGGCGTGCCATTTATTGATGCTG
+SRR097977.138 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:568:531 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CCCCCCCCC5CA;CCC;CC+:5&=A5
@SRR097977.139 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:703:655 length=36
TTTATTTGTAAAGTTTTGTTGAAATAAGGGTTGTAA
+SRR097977.139 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:703:655 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCA9CCCC7CCAA?AAA2C5+)?)A;*
@SRR097977.140 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:566:326 length=36
GATATTCTTGAGGTCATTTGTAAATACGTACAAATT
+SRR097977.140 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:566:326 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC??CC?CCC7CC>C?1C<???0>0A;
@SRR097977.141 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:470:268 length=36
TGCCTGACCTTTCTTATGGATTTTCATTTTTTCTCT
+SRR097977.141 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:470:268 length=36
C:CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC87>CC&CC9CC,??0-?03
@SRR097977.142 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:700:440 length=36
TCTGCTCGGTAACGGCAACCGTTTTCTTGCCCGCAA
+SRR097977.142 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:700:440 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC>>CCCC-CAACCC>C7CAA2A+/
@SRR097977.143 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:592:343 length=36
GTTTGCAATATTGTTTTTGATGTTGATTTTTGCCAG
+SRR097977.143 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:592:343 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CCCCCCCC?8C7CC>1CCCCA+??7*
@SRR097977.144 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:470:98 length=36
GGGAAATCGAACTGTATGTACTCTATCATTTACGCG
+SRR097977.144 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:470:98 length=36
:CCC:?CC?CCCC82CC7:9C,4,)?C0?906?35'
@SRR097977.145 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:534:378 length=36
TTCAAAATAGCTGAAGATAAGGGTTCGCGGACAGAG
+SRR097977.145 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:534:378 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC+CCCC)CCACCC<CA<+A-<A8
@SRR097977.146 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:408:154 length=36
TCTAAGGAGCATTAAGGCTGTGATGAAAAATAAAAA
+SRR097977.146 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:408:154 length=36
CCCCC:CC?CCCCC?:?CC:C4:C4*C?CC+05??3
@SRR097977.147 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:492:85 length=36
TGCGACTTTAATAAGTGGAAGTGTGAGCTGAACGCG
+SRR097977.147 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:492:85 length=36
??CCCCCCCCCCCC,C>>C<7C.C+&6?$&2+?2-$
@SRR097977.148 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:581:880 length=36
TCGTATTTTGGGTAAGGAGAAGACTCTTGCACTTTT
+SRR097977.148 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:581:880 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?CC?>C=C<CCCCCCC?6C&A/?+)
@SRR097977.149 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:712:186 length=36
TGGCGTGGTAGAAAAATCAGAAATCATCGACGGCTC
+SRR097977.149 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:712:186 length=36
CCCC?CC??CCCCC*C?C>>C;A?CC&C+)A))>+;
@SRR097977.150 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:727:139 length=36
TGCTGCCTTTTGGTCAGTTATCCATTGAACACCAAG
+SRR097977.150 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:727:139 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCC<CC&CCC;CC-0A&A/AA5/
@SRR097977.151 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:489:249 length=36
TTCAATCTGAACCTCAGTTAGCCGAATTTGGCTACC
+SRR097977.151 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:489:249 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC7CC>52CCCA,AA>A@
@SRR097977.152 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:691:274 length=36
TGTTATTCAATGGTTTCAATTGTGATTGTTACGTTA
+SRR097977.152 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:691:274 length=36
A<AA?A?A?:?3:A0AA<<?<:7<0A:22>,<&<46
@SRR097977.153 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:897:520 length=36
TAGATCACAATGCCCTTTCTAACTTTTCATCGTTAT
+SRR097977.153 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:897:520 length=36
CC?CCCCCCCC:CCCCCCCCCC&C<CCC*9?*0?'<
@SRR097977.154 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:392:326 length=36
TGATGAAAGGGCTACACACCAGCCTGACGCTAACCG
+SRR097977.154 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:392:326 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCAACACA;5AA*
@SRR097977.155 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:373 length=36
TGAATATCATTGGTAACCTGTACGTCTCCAACGGTA
+SRR097977.155 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:373 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC9CC<CCCCC<CC<CCCC>&7,&</
@SRR097977.156 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:341:373 length=36
TCATTTTCCAAAGATGGCTATTCCTCCAACAATACT
+SRR097977.156 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:341:373 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC9CC>7CCACCCCCCCCCC?AA8AA
@SRR097977.157 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:704:891 length=36
TCGTATCTATGCCAGTAGAACCATCGGGAACTACCT
+SRR097977.157 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:704:891 length=36
CCCC?CCCC?CCCC?>>))ACCA6C$)7=5+>+5-/
@SRR097977.158 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:688:563 length=36
TAATAACATTTGCGGTGTCATCAGCGCATAACTTTC
+SRR097977.158 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:688:563 length=36
CCCCCCCC??C:C75C4CC&CC*<A8?+?6)::?38
@SRR097977.159 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:832:771 length=36
TATATCACTGAACGCGCAGCATTCCACTACACCCCA
+SRR097977.159 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:832:771 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCACCC44&<CACC0&5&07A&&?'
@SRR097977.160 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:577:547 length=36
TCTGCGTTATGCCAGGCACTGGAGCTTACGGAACTG
+SRR097977.160 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:577:547 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC5ACACCCAA<CAA)C++&&?A1
@SRR097977.161 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:879:588 length=36
TTGATGCCGTCGCGAAGCAGATTCATCAACTCATCG
+SRR097977.161 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:879:588 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C?CC3?5C<+><1C:88&8A0++?-5
@SRR097977.162 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:782:569 length=36
TCTCAATCCTGCGCGTAACACCCGTGAAAAATTATT
+SRR097977.162 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:782:569 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCA-CC<CCCC5<8?:89>99A@
@SRR097977.163 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:326:319 length=36
GTATGTTGCCCTGGCAGCAACTGAGCGGCGTCGCAA
+SRR097977.163 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:326:319 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC97C-7C;?CA+:492-A5A>2&74
@SRR097977.164 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:465:40 length=36
GCTATTGACTTCACGTTATTAGATCTGATTACGTTA
+SRR097977.164 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:465:40 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC7CCCCCC7ACCC+?C&:A,?A*
@SRR097977.165 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:899 length=36
TGTTACAGATTGATCACCCGCCAAACAAAACCCGCG
+SRR097977.165 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:899 length=36
CCCC:??CCCC?CCA?CC$;CC;9)&;&3&?6)-:)
@SRR097977.166 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:877:467 length=36
TAAACTTGCGTGACTACACATTCTTGAGCTGTCGCC
+SRR097977.166 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:877:467 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?CCC+CCC;CCC>4C1+542))+);
@SRR097977.167 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:565:413 length=36
TCTGCGCTGTAAAAGAACTTGTAAAACAACGTAATA
+SRR097977.167 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:565:413 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCAAAACC7AC5+CAC<AC+A27A/
@SRR097977.168 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:745:354 length=36
GAAAGCCTTTGCGCACCATTGGCAATCGTACCCGCG
+SRR097977.168 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:745:354 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC+CC4CAAA&9CAAA9+AAA7A/
@SRR097977.169 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:411:362 length=36
TCGGTAATGGCGCAATGAGCAATGCTATTAACGAAC
+SRR097977.169 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:411:362 length=36
CAAAAACA?:A3AA9A-A+AA7A7A><AA14<)69%
@SRR097977.170 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:729:510 length=36
TAATCAGCGAACGCGGACGGGCAATCCGCTGCCCTT
+SRR097977.170 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:729:510 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCCCC9C1C>1CC0C?C&AC)&A))&;
@SRR097977.171 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:614:169 length=36
TTGAAACACTTCGGTTGTTAATCTATACAGCTGATT
+SRR097977.171 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:614:169 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCA2AC9CCACCCC<CAC<7?A,+AA
@SRR097977.172 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:721:351 length=36
GCGAGACTGCTTCTTCGCTTTCTCACCAATGCTTAC
+SRR097977.172 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:721:351 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC<C>CCCCC<C5C&>A?&A>A7<
@SRR097977.173 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:666:506 length=36
TTTTCGGTCAGCATGCCCGCCAGAGCCGTCACCGCC
+SRR097977.173 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:666:506 length=36
CCCCC:CCC<CCCCACCC;AC<44*CCA6C:'?-?<
@SRR097977.174 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:579:501 length=36
TTATCATACTCACGTTGCAGATAGTCATGGCGATTT
+SRR097977.174 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:579:501 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCA-<>CC&CCA<?C<C75?>&A>&
@SRR097977.175 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:358:799 length=36
GTTTACTGGAGACTTCAATCCCGCGACTGATGTACC
+SRR097977.175 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:358:799 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC<CC2CC<BA<A:A@
@SRR097977.176 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:530:250 length=36
GGGAATAACTGGACTTCATTCGGCCATGCTGGATCG
+SRR097977.176 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:530:250 length=36
C<CAAAAAAAA3?AAAA?A;A02AA,>0&A**+<8+
@SRR097977.177 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:765:18 length=36
TCAAAAATTTCTACCGCATTGTGACGTAGTGTCGCT
+SRR097977.177 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:765:18 length=36
CCCCC?CCCCCCCCC9CCCCCC>CC>4;4C2$?+>;
@SRR097977.178 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:519:121 length=36
GGTCCTCCAGTTAGTGTTACCCAACCTTCAACCTGC
+SRR097977.178 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:519:121 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCA>C>CCCCCC<<CCCACAAAAA&A
@SRR097977.179 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:686:511 length=36
GAAATCGTTGGTATCAAAGAGACTCAGAAGTCTACC
+SRR097977.179 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:686:511 length=36
CCC:CCCCCCC?7CC??4C;4:C?C840*+??)9?-
@SRR097977.180 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:814:401 length=36
GATGATAAAGACGTCATCGCAATTGATGGAAAAATA
+SRR097977.180 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:814:401 length=36
CAA?ACA3A:AA?AA7<A3AA47A0*>0*<'+2+1+
@SRR097977.181 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:645:525 length=36
TTTGAAGGCAACGCCTCCCCCTCTTTCTCCCTCTTC
+SRR097977.181 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:645:525 length=36
CCCCCC?CC:CC7C??:C&<C?CC,0086C-)6??:
@SRR097977.182 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:581:287 length=36
GAAATGTCGCTTCGCTACGTTGTTTTTCCACATTAA
+SRR097977.182 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:581:287 length=36
CCCCC??CCCCCC?CC?CC<C7??CCCCC1A0AA?/
@SRR097977.183 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:531:131 length=36
TCAATAACCAGTTTGCGACCTTTTTCCGTTTGGGTA
+SRR097977.183 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:531:131 length=36
CCC?CC?CCC:CCC9C8CCCCCCCCCC+&C?+*&?'
@SRR097977.184 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:793:300 length=36
GTTCAGTAATATAAGCGAACTGAAGGATGCTGTTAC
+SRR097977.184 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:793:300 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC<>6CAACA4AA9@
@SRR097977.185 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:571:434 length=36
GGAGTCTGAACGATGGTCGAAGCGAGATGCGATGCA
+SRR097977.185 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:571:434 length=36
CCC?CCCCCCCCCC?C?>>):CCC1?;;CC+2+++5
@SRR097977.186 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:520:416 length=36
TTGATATAGATAAGAAAACATGTTTATCCTTTTTTA
+SRR097977.186 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:520:416 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCCC9=?CCC1CCCCC=CCCCAA?AA:
@SRR097977.187 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:496:633 length=36
TACGCTTAATCTGTACTGTGGATTTTTTACTTTATT
+SRR097977.187 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:496:633 length=36
CCC:CCCC?CCC?CCCCCC&,CC-CCCC:-?&03)9
@SRR097977.188 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:503:117 length=36
GCCGATACATTTTTCTGTTTTGATATCTATTATTTG
+SRR097977.188 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:503:117 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC.CCCC-ACCCC&ACA:AA,%
@SRR097977.189 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:670:307 length=36
TCATCATCGAACCAGCAATGGACCCCATCCCCCTCC
+SRR097977.189 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:670:307 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?CCCC?C&C<=?CC&CC+=CCA+?++A
@SRR097977.190 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:751:603 length=36
TAGAACGATCACATCGCGCCCCGTAATACCTCCCCG
+SRR097977.190 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:751:603 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC:CCCC:C<CCC&81<38'CA?$??-<
@SRR097977.191 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:754:386 length=36
TCTGGATGTTTGTGATTGAAGGATTGTTTGCAGTCG
+SRR097977.191 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:754:386 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?C9?CC7C?><?CC>?C&7?22>:/
@SRR097977.192 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:412:488 length=36
GTGGATGGAATATGTATCAGTATCCGTTTAATCCCT
+SRR097977.192 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:412:488 length=36
AA?A?C?<A?A2A3?A?A:2<<A.A2AA&.'<18<&
@SRR097977.193 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:568:645 length=36
TGAAGCAGTTTCACCAGCAGTAAACCGCTCGTCACA
+SRR097977.193 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:568:645 length=36
CCCCCCCC>C?CCCC<<CA5::=?AA+47C$&>4,%
@SRR097977.194 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:677:260 length=36
GAATAACACCCGCATGATGGCTTACGCTATCGCCCC
+SRR097977.194 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:677:260 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCA7CACCC<AC2CC9A?&AAA<
@SRR097977.195 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:701:296 length=36
TTTCGACTGGTTTATCACTTTGCGTCTGGTTGACTT
+SRR097977.195 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:701:296 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC&C.<AC5+CA+2A+@
@SRR097977.196 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:381:88 length=36
TTGATGAACGCCGGTTCCGCTTTCTTCTACATTATT
+SRR097977.196 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:381:88 length=36
AA3<A???<<AA<+<A7:AA?&A44.8$,;9-<,*1
@SRR097977.197 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:717:557 length=36
TGGGTTTCCTGAATCGTGAATAAGTCCAGCAAGGTT
+SRR097977.197 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:717:557 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC=>C&C=C6)C??.;?C5&=7+=0;>
@SRR097977.198 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:535:398 length=36
TTTGTGTTACAGCGCAGGGTAAGCGCTGATAAAAGC
+SRR097977.198 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:535:398 length=36
CCC?C<AAAAA3AA?7<:?9AA*?<AA0:<<)15&%
@SRR097977.199 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:692:616 length=36
TGCTGATGTTTATTGTCGGCTTGTTCATTACTTCCG
+SRR097977.199 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:692:616 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC<CC>C&CC,C&*$A0&++))5%
@SRR097977.200 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:684:876 length=36
TTTGTCATTTGTACATTGATGTGGGGCCCGAACAGC
+SRR097977.200 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:684:876 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCACC*CC<4)7C9A4<C0C,88A+-A
@SRR097977.201 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:757:93 length=36
GAAGAAAGTATACGGGAGTCTCTATGTACGTTTGTC
+SRR097977.201 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:757:93 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC><ACAACCCCCC>>CCAAAA,:1
@SRR097977.202 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:915:642 length=36
TGGGGTTTAGTCTTCTTTTTAATCCCTATTCCCGTA
+SRR097977.202 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:915:642 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCAAAA5C&:CB&5><>&&&)$'
@SRR097977.203 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:677:315 length=36
GGCGCAGGTACGGTACTGAAACCTGAACAGGTCGAT
+SRR097977.203 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:677:315 length=36
CCCCCCCC>CCCCC=CCC8=?CC?=5>A?&>5A7/>
@SRR097977.204 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:651:365 length=36
TGCGCCAGTTGAGATCCCGACTCCCGTGCTTCAGGC
+SRR097977.204 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:651:365 length=36
CAA3A?<?:A?:::+<??2<<:0<A&&6<&<<$&,6
@SRR097977.205 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:746:360 length=36
GAAGGGCGTCATCGCGAAGATATTAGCGGTTTTTCC
+SRR097977.205 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:746:360 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACC&C5CC<AC:A0A>>A9&
@SRR097977.206 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:622:566 length=36
TTCCCGTAAAACAGATGACAAACTGTTGTTACAGTA
+SRR097977.206 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:622:566 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACAACCCCCCACCCCC2A+:)8
@SRR097977.207 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:532:263 length=36
GACTTCCGGAGGTTTTTATGGCTGATTTCACCCTTT
+SRR097977.207 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:532:263 length=36
CCCCCCCCC:CCCCCCCCC-?CC42?CC+&???00-
@SRR097977.208 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:309:306 length=36
GTCGAAATATCGATTAGTCGTCATAAATCTTTCCTC
+SRR097977.208 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:309:306 length=36
CC?:CCCCCCC?CC:C79:2?C$<?88*0C???05<
@SRR097977.209 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:894:643 length=36
TCGAGGATTGATCCCCTACCTGCGAACCCGCCCACG
+SRR097977.209 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:894:643 length=36
CC?CCCCCCCC:CCA&:8CC?9C<&&03&6-16-<$
@SRR097977.210 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:453:316 length=36
TCCCCAGATACCGGAGAGAATGCCTGTTGTTATCGC
+SRR097977.210 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:453:316 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC9,CCCC<CCCCCAAC>C&+>;&<
@SRR097977.211 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:777:119 length=36
TGATAGCATTTCAATATTTACTTATGACATTAAAAG
+SRR097977.211 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:777:119 length=36
CCCCC:CCCCCC:CC:CCC8CCC9?&CCC??55??&
@SRR097977.212 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:376:321 length=36
GTCATCAATTGCCGTGATCAACAGCATTTGCGGGTC
+SRR097977.212 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:376:321 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC.ACCA:A>7CACCC&<4&2;'
@SRR097977.213 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:660:315 length=36
GTTGCGCGTAACCAGCACATCCGCCCCCAGTTCTCA
+SRR097977.213 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:660:315 length=36
<A::A<A<3:??</A?+A0$AA-:?<<0*A).;,31
@SRR097977.214 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:645:253 length=36
GATTCCTGATGCGCCCAATAGGCGGCTCGCTCTTTT
+SRR097977.214 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:645:253 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC4C;<AC5<)?&26+7):<<
@SRR097977.215 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:523:716 length=36
TATTTGTATGATAAATAAAACCATAATCCTTGCCCA
+SRR097977.215 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:523:716 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC?CCCCC9CCACA)?A2/
@SRR097977.216 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:263 length=36
TTCAAATTCAACGTCCAGCCACTGGGGATTGAAGTG
+SRR097977.216 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:628:263 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCC-CCCCCCACC-A<C4<52A,
@SRR097977.217 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:373:442 length=36
TTCATAAATATCTCCTCATTAGACCTTGTACATTAT
+SRR097977.217 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:373:442 length=36
CCC:CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC??4CCCCC3CC&???<<
@SRR097977.218 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:399:656 length=36
TCCATTTTGTTCTCCTTAATTATGTAAGAAGTATTT
+SRR097977.218 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:399:656 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC7CCC&C?,A>AAA
@SRR097977.219 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:484:120 length=36
TTCAATCACCGCGGCGACACCTTGAGTTTTATCCAC
+SRR097977.219 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:484:120 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCA>2>CCACC>C7;C<CCC2AAAA$
@SRR097977.220 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:349:353 length=36
GGCTGCGTAATGGTCCATTGTCGATTTCACGACATA
+SRR097977.220 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:349:353 length=36
CCCCCCCCC9C:8CAC<CC)CC&;CCC;-A)-<>?+
@SRR097977.221 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:352:282 length=36
GGAACAGATCGAACAGCGGCGGGGTCCGCTCTATAC
+SRR097977.221 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:352:282 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCCACCC:&?&,,495$)72/
@SRR097977.222 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:565:349 length=36
GCAAAGCTTTTGGTACCTTCAGGAACACCAGACCAG
+SRR097977.222 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:565:349 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>CCCCCCCC>C5CCCCC9<AAA?8
@SRR097977.223 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:705:165 length=36
TAGAGGTGATGGGTTCCGAAGGGTATTTGATCACCG
+SRR097977.223 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:705:165 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCC?9C?CC?@0C>?;8CCA/?>;A34$
@SRR097977.224 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:497:54 length=36
GGTGGATCGTCAGAGATGCTCAACGGCGTAGCGTTC
+SRR097977.224 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:497:54 length=36
CCCCCCCC:CCC:C:9C:C<C?<C?3C00?*?'5?<
@SRR097977.225 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:362:314 length=36
GAGCAGATGCCTCTTATAGCAATACGCCTGGCCCGG
+SRR097977.225 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:362:314 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACC-?CCCABACCA)&A)?5<
@SRR097977.226 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:758:533 length=36
TATGGTGGAAATAATCACTCAGGCGAGAAAACCTGC
+SRR097977.226 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:758:533 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC?CCCCC1C<CC;?A85?2+773;0)?
@SRR097977.227 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:836:542 length=36
TTAGCGATGTTATTGCGAACCATGGCGTTATCGCCC
+SRR097977.227 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:836:542 length=36
C?CCC?CCCCCCCC=C?>?&C8:>:C)A>7+&-):/
@SRR097977.228 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:798:293 length=36
TAAAACGCACACGGCGAAACTCAAACCAGCTCAGCG
+SRR097977.228 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:798:293 length=36
CCCCCC?CCC?CCCC><5CC?C++CCC1;$+?+7A'
@SRR097977.229 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:376:29 length=36
GTACCATCACCTGCTGGCGCAAAGGCGATAACCGGA
+SRR097977.229 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:376:29 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>CCC7C7CC4CC<C+ACA=AA=27
@SRR097977.230 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:153 length=36
TGATGAACGCAAGTCTGACAATGTGGGATGCAACTT
+SRR097977.230 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:153 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACCCACC4CC5<C752A<A-7A?1
@SRR097977.231 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:348 length=36
GCAATTGATTAATAAACATGTTGATTTATTCAAGAA
+SRR097977.231 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:724:348 length=36
CCCCCCCCCC?CCC<CCCC&?CC?CCCACCA?A&5;
@SRR097977.232 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:230:232 length=36
GACGTAATATTGGCTCATCATCGGCATGTGCATGCC
+SRR097977.232 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:230:232 length=36
CC<?3A?::AA3-AA:?A<;<A<?A=>>*'1,3*)6
@SRR097977.233 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:484:48 length=36
GCTTCTTATTTAAGGCGTTTCTTTAATCCCATCAAC
+SRR097977.233 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:484:48 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCC>9&C9ACCCCACC7CCCC8AAA,@
@SRR097977.234 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:746:293 length=36
TAACTCCCCTGTTTTTATTACGCGCTCGCGCTCCTT
+SRR097977.234 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:746:293 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC<CAC7CCC+C+<$<A;+
@SRR097977.235 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:331:340 length=36
TATGTTCCGCCCCGCGATGCACACCACCAATTCCCC
+SRR097977.235 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:331:340 length=36
CCCCCCCC?CCCC?C>=C>C?C>CC1CC?7AA>AA>
@SRR097977.236 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:701:471 length=36
TGGTGCTGGAGCTGCTACTTTGCTGCTTCCCGCCTT
+SRR097977.236 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:701:471 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCACCAC>CC<CACCCA)&A2A
@SRR097977.237 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:718:547 length=36
TCATACAGGCGCATTAGTGCCAGTTCAATTTCCGGG
+SRR097977.237 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:718:547 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCACC5AC?CCCC;CA+<<AAAA)$1
@SRR097977.238 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:592:919 length=36
TTCTTACCATCCTGAAGTTTTTTCATCTTCCCTGAT
+SRR097977.238 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:592:919 length=36
C?CCCCC?CCCCC?+C>5?1CC?C6>C5CC?;?2)A
@SRR097977.239 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:682:202 length=36
TGATCCCAACGCCATTGATTTAACCGCCCGCCTTTT
+SRR097977.239 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:682:202 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC<CC<CC?CC4CC)CCC);AA7A7
@SRR097977.240 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:596:670 length=36
GTTCAAGCTGGAATTCCGTTCCGAGTATCATTTTCG
+SRR097977.240 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:596:670 length=36
C??CCCCCC?:???CCC*CCCC22?A<A8??*'&--
@SRR097977.241 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:530:348 length=36
TCTCGGACTCTTCTTTCTTGTGATGCGTAATGAAGT
+SRR097977.241 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:530:348 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC.C>CC>C7CCAA5?5&@
@SRR097977.242 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:116 length=36
GTTATTTGTTAGTGTAATGTTATGTCTATATCTCCT
+SRR097977.242 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:586:116 length=36
CACACCA?AAA3A3?A*A3<A?A-+>A;+&'-$1+1
@SRR097977.243 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:760:107 length=36
TACGTCTGGGGCTGGCTTACGGCCCCCCGGGGATCT
+SRR097977.243 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:760:107 length=36
CCCCCCC:?:?CC:<CC?9C?4CCCC&&360)&0&8
@SRR097977.244 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:494:344 length=36
TTCGTTATCCGTCATCATATCCATCAGCCCGCTATA
+SRR097977.244 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:494:344 length=36
CCCCCCCCC?C?C<CC:C?CCC??CA+CCC)??0A>
@SRR097977.245 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:598:634 length=36
TTCCGTAGTCGCTGATTGTTTTACCGCCTGATTGGC
+SRR097977.245 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:598:634 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCC=CC<CCCC9CAAC4C++82&+5
@SRR097977.246 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:487:296 length=36
GTCAGTTGTTGCTGGCATGATTTCAGTACGGCAACT
+SRR097977.246 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:487:296 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCC0CC5C.CCCCC+-<AA?2:5+87
@SRR097977.247 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:548:111 length=36
GACACTGTCATTGGAGGCAATAATTTTCGCCTCCTT
+SRR097977.247 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:548:111 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCC.C5.5<C1CCC?<C??&?A?&&?A
@SRR097977.248 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:77 length=36
TTCGACGTTTGGTGGGACTAAGAAAGCATACGGGCG
+SRR097977.248 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:77 length=36
CCA?AA?AAA<3A<&:7AA8A::?A*A=>8<*)8<-
@SRR097977.249 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:441:292 length=36
GGGTAGGTATTACTCAGGACGAGGCGGTCGTGCCAC
+SRR097977.249 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:441:292 length=36
C:CCC::CCCCCCCC<8?6A:C28C<608'&&&,'$
@SRR098026.1 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:968 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.1 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:968 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.2 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:312 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.2 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:312 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.3 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:570 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.3 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:570 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.4 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:758 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.4 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:758 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.5 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:874 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.5 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:874 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.6 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:176 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.6 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:176 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.7 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:206 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.7 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:206 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.8 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:227 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.8 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:227 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.9 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:262 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.9 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:262 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.10 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:500 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.10 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:500 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.11 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:542 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.11 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:542 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.12 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:573 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.12 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:573 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.13 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:578 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.13 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:578 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.14 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:639 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.14 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:639 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.15 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:721 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.15 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:721 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.16 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:742 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.16 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:742 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.17 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:814 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.17 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:814 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.18 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:852 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.18 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:852 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.19 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:940 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.19 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:940 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.20 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:979 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.20 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:979 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.21 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:982 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.21 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:982 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.22 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:999 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.22 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:999 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.23 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1005 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.23 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1005 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.24 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1009 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.24 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1009 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.25 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1027 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.25 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1027 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.26 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1062 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.26 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1062 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.27 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1134 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.27 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1134 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.28 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1203 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.28 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1203 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.29 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1300 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.29 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1300 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.30 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1310 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.30 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1310 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.31 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1452 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.31 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1452 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.32 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1466 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.32 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1466 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.33 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1571 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.33 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1571 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.34 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1618 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.34 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1618 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.35 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1654 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.35 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1654 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.36 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1670 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.36 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1670 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.37 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1716 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.37 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1716 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.38 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1746 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.38 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1746 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.39 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1762 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.39 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1762 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.40 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1879 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.40 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1879 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.41 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1896 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.41 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1896 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.42 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1914 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.42 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1914 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.43 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1941 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.43 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1941 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.44 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1983 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.44 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1983 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.45 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1987 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.45 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1987 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.46 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:2034 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.46 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:2034 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.47 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:215 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.47 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:215 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.48 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:145 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.48 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:145 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.49 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1593 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.49 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1593 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.50 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1583 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.50 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1583 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.51 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:120 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.51 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:120 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.52 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:158 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.52 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:158 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.53 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1588 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.53 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1588 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.54 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:257 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.54 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:257 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.55 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:513 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.55 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:513 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.56 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:558 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.56 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:558 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.57 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1382 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.57 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1382 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.58 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:454 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.58 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:454 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.59 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:324 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNANNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.59 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:324 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.60 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:546 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.60 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:546 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.61 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1862 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANCNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.61 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1862 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.62 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:7 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNANNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.62 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:7 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.63 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:50 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNGNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.63 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:50 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.64 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:56 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNGNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.64 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:56 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.65 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:210 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.65 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:210 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.66 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:287 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.66 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:287 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.67 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:335 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.67 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:335 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.68 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:347 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.68 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:347 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.69 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:428 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.69 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:428 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.70 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:473 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNGNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.70 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:473 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.71 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:576 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.71 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:576 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.72 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:679 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.72 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:679 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.73 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:691 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNGNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.73 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:691 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.74 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:912 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.74 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:912 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.75 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1047 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNGNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.75 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1047 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.76 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1052 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.76 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1052 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.77 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1100 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNTNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.77 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1100 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.78 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1112 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNANNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.78 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1112 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.79 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1131 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.79 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1131 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.80 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1168 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.80 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1168 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.81 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1200 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.81 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1200 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.82 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1251 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNCNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.82 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1251 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.83 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1268 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNTNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.83 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1268 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.84 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1281 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANGNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.84 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1281 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.85 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1340 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.85 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1340 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.86 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1372 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNCNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.86 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1372 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.87 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1400 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANCNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.87 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1400 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.88 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1425 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNGNNGNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.88 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1425 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.89 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1437 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNANNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.89 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1437 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.90 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1682 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNCNNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.90 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1682 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.91 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1690 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNGNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.91 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1690 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.92 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1751 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.92 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1751 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.93 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1906 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNCNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.93 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1906 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.94 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1928 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTNTNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.94 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1928 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.95 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:2028 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.95 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:2028 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.96 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:365 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANNANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.96 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:365 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.97 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1779 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNGNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.97 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1779 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.98 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1476 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNGNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.98 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1476 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.99 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:833 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNCNCNNTNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.99 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:833 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.100 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:662 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNGNNCGNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNN
+SRR098026.100 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:662 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!!##!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.101 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:91 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANANAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.101 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:91 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#!###!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.102 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1544 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNANGCGCGNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.102 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1544 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#####!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.103 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1812 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGNGCCAGNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.103 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1812 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#!#####!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.104 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:991 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGTTCAGCNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.104 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:991 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.105 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:86 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.105 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:86 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.106 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1442 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTGAAATCNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNN
+SRR098026.106 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1442 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.107 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:70 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTCGCTTCNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNN
+SRR098026.107 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:70 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.108 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:284 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNTAAGAGANNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNN
+SRR098026.108 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:284 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.109 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1288 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGCTATCCNNNNNNNNNNNNNGNNN
+SRR098026.109 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1288 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.110 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:88 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.110 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:88 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.111 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1487 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNACAGCGANNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.111 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1487 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.112 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:139 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.112 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:139 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.113 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1628 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGCTGGCGNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.113 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1628 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.114 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1161 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNGCTACCTNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.114 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1161 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!#######!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.115 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1662 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNCTGGCCGCNNNNNNNNNNNNNANNN
+SRR098026.115 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1662 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!########!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.116 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNGCCCGCCCNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.116 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!########!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.117 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:502 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNCGGATATCNNNNNNNNNNNNNTNNN
+SRR098026.117 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:502 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!########!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!
@SRR098026.118 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:316 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNGTTGATAANNNNNNNNNNNNAGNNN
+SRR098026.118 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:316 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!########!!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.119 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:361 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNAANNN
+SRR098026.119 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:361 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.120 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:775 length=35
GNNNNNNNNNGCTGAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNCANNN
+SRR098026.120 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:775 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.121 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1322 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNTACATCTGGNNNNNNNNNNNCGNNN
+SRR098026.121 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1322 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.122 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1411 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNCAATTTCCTNNNNNNNNNNNACNNN
+SRR098026.122 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1411 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.123 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1948 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNGTATTCACANNNNNNNNNNNTTNNN
+SRR098026.123 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1948 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.124 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:605 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNAGGCGTTGCNNNNNNNNNNNCTNNN
+SRR098026.124 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:605 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.125 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:529 length=35
TNNNNNNNNNTAAAATAAANNNNNNNNNNNAANNN
+SRR098026.125 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:529 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.126 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1710 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNTTGGTGCTGNNNNNNNNNNNAANNN
+SRR098026.126 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1710 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.127 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:795 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNAANNN
+SRR098026.127 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:795 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.128 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:548 length=35
GNNNNNNNNNTGGCACAATNNNNNNNNNNNCGNNN
+SRR098026.128 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:548 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.129 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1824 length=35
TNNNNNNNNNCGTGGAATTNNNNNNNNNNNATNNN
+SRR098026.129 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1824 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!#########!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!
@SRR098026.130 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:150 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNGCATTAAACGNNNNNNNNNNCANTN
+SRR098026.130 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:150 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!!##!#!
@SRR098026.131 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:224 length=35
GNNNNNNNNNATCAAAAAGCNNNNNNNNNNGTNAN
+SRR098026.131 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:224 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!!##!#!
@SRR098026.132 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:320 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNGTGGCAATATNNNNNNNNNNCCNGN
+SRR098026.132 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:320 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!!##!#!
@SRR098026.133 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1978 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNTTCAGCGACTNNNNNNNNNNGTNGN
+SRR098026.133 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1978 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!!##!#!
@SRR098026.134 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1087 length=35
TNNNNNNNNNAAACGGGGTCNNNNNNNNNTGANAN
+SRR098026.134 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1087 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!###!#!
@SRR098026.135 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:191 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAANAN
+SRR098026.135 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:191 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!###!#!
@SRR098026.136 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1534 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNCAGATTCGATNNNNNNNNNAATNCN
+SRR098026.136 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1534 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!###!#!
@SRR098026.137 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1553 length=35
GNNNNNNNNNTTAACTTTTTNNNNNNNNNAACGCN
+SRR098026.137 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1553 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.138 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1106 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNGCGACGCAGCNNNNNNNNNGTCACN
+SRR098026.138 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1106 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.139 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1911 length=35
ANNNNNNNNNCTTTTTTTTCNNNNNNNNNATTCTN
+SRR098026.139 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1911 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.140 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:402 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNCTCCCCTTTCNNNNNNNNNTAATTN
+SRR098026.140 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:402 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!##########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.141 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1536 length=35
GNNNNNNNNATTACCCACGANNNNNNNNNCCTCGN
+SRR098026.141 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1536 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.142 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:467 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAAGGTAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAATAAN
+SRR098026.142 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:467 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.143 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1327 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAN
+SRR098026.143 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1327 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.144 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1304 length=35
TNNNNNNNNCGAAGACCATGNNNNNNNNNTCGATN
+SRR098026.144 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:1304 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.145 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:811 length=35
ANNNNNNNNCACTTTAAATTNNNNNNNNNTTTGTN
+SRR098026.145 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:811 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!#####!
@SRR098026.146 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1237 length=35
CNNNNNNNNGGCAACCAGCANNNNNNNNNCGACAA
+SRR098026.146 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1237 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.147 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:36 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAATGAACGCGTNNNNNNNNNATATCG
+SRR098026.147 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:36 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.148 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:44 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCAGGTCCGGTANNNNNNNNNGCGATG
+SRR098026.148 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:44 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.149 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:332 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCGTGCCGCTGTNNNNNNNNNGCGGGC
+SRR098026.149 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:332 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.150 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:373 length=35
TNNNNNNNNCGGTTCAGCAGNNNNNNNNNGACCGA
+SRR098026.150 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:373 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.151 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:681 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCAGGTTTGCAANNNNNNNNNTCATCT
+SRR098026.151 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:681 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.152 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:892 length=35
TNNNNNNNNGCGTAATGCGTNNNNNNNNNAGGCAG
+SRR098026.152 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:892 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.153 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:920 length=35
ANNNNNNNNTGAAACCGGCGNNNNNNNNNGTCAAC
+SRR098026.153 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:920 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.154 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1126 length=35
GNNNNNNNNACCCTCTCCATNNNNNNNNNACCCAA
+SRR098026.154 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1126 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.155 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1141 length=35
TNNNNNNNNCGGTTCAGCAGNNNNNNNNNGACCGA
+SRR098026.155 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1141 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.156 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1166 length=35
CNNNNNNNNCCAGAGTCAGGNNNNNNNNNATTACC
+SRR098026.156 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1166 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.157 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1375 length=35
GNNNNNNNNGTCTCCCGTCTNNNNNNNNNCCCCGC
+SRR098026.157 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1375 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.158 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1505 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCAAAGTTGATCNNNNNNNNNTGTGCG
+SRR098026.158 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1505 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.159 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1563 length=35
GNNNNNNNNGCGCCGGTTACNNNNNNNNNGTGTTG
+SRR098026.159 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1563 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.160 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1621 length=35
CNNNNNNNNCTTCACACCCCNNNNNNNNNTACCCA
+SRR098026.160 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1621 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.161 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1892 length=35
ANNNNNNNNTGACTTTGGCCNNNNNNNNNTTGCGG
+SRR098026.161 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1892 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.162 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1972 length=35
CNNNNNNNNTGCGATTCTTANNNNNNNNNGAACCA
+SRR098026.162 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1972 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.163 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1989 length=35
CNNNNNNNNGCCAATCACGANNNNNNNNNGCAACC
+SRR098026.163 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1989 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.164 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1759 length=35
CNNNNNNNNAGTCCTGAAAANNNNNNNNNGTAAAG
+SRR098026.164 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1759 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.165 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1540 length=35
ANNNNNNNNGCACGCTCGATNNNNNNNNNGTGTTA
+SRR098026.165 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1540 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.166 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:194 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.166 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:194 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.167 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:142 length=35
ANNNNNNNNCGGCAGGGGACNNNNNNNNNGCTACC
+SRR098026.167 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:142 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.168 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1041 length=35
ANNNNNNNNCTGGTTCGTAGNNNNNNNNNGGCTTC
+SRR098026.168 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1041 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.169 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1922 length=35
GNNNNNNNNCGTTGCCGCCTNNNNNNNNNCCAGCG
+SRR098026.169 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1922 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.170 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1840 length=35
CNNNNNNNNATCTCAGAAGGNNNNNNNNNTCCGGT
+SRR098026.170 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1840 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.171 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:480 length=35
ANNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.171 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:480 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.172 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1733 length=35
TNNNNNNNNTCGGTAATACGNNNNNNNNNCCCGAC
+SRR098026.172 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1733 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.173 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1999 length=35
TNNNNNNNNTGTACAGCCTTNNNNNNNNNAAGATG
+SRR098026.173 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1999 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.174 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:994 length=35
GNNNNNNNNTACCCGGTGTGNNNNNNNNNGCATGG
+SRR098026.174 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:994 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.175 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:202 length=35
CNNNNNNNNAAATCGAAAGCNNNNNNNNNAGGGGC
+SRR098026.175 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:202 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.176 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1849 length=35
CNNNNNNNNAATTTGCATGTNNNNNNNNNAACGAT
+SRR098026.176 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1849 length=35
#!!!!!!!!###########!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.177 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:2025 length=35
CNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.177 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:2025 length=35
#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SRR098026.178 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:934 length=35
CNNNNNNNATCTAAGCACGANNNNNNNNNCGAGAT
+SRR098026.178 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:934 length=35
C!!!!!!!CBCCC#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.179 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:383 length=35
ANNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.179 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:383 length=35
#!!!!!!!############!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.180 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:81 length=35
GNNNNNNNTTTCAGGGGTATNNNNNNNNNTGGCAG
+SRR098026.180 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:81 length=35
A!!!!!!!BB?>A#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.181 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:342 length=35
ANNNNNNNGCGGCCGGTTACNNNNNNNNNGAAAAA
+SRR098026.181 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:342 length=35
#!!!!!!!############!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.182 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1610 length=35
TNNNNNNNCTGTTGAAGAGANNNNNNNNNCCGCTG
+SRR098026.182 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1610 length=35
C!!!!!!!BBBBB#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.183 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1582 length=35
GNNNNNNNTTGATCTGCTGCNNNNNNNNNACGCAC
+SRR098026.183 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1582 length=35
#!!!!!!!############!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.184 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:394 length=35
TNNNNNNNAGTGAAATTGCGNNNNNNNNNTGCCGT
+SRR098026.184 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:394 length=35
A!!!!!!!B?ABB#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.185 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1556 length=35
CNNNNNNNTTTAGGGGCGTTNNNNNNNNNGCTCGC
+SRR098026.185 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1556 length=35
B!!!!!!!B@ABB#######!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.186 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:837 length=35
ANNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.186 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:837 length=35
#!!!!!!!############!!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.187 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:781 length=35
ANNNNNNNACAACGCTGTTTCNNNNNNNNGTTCGC
+SRR098026.187 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:781 length=35
C!!!!!!!CABBAA#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.188 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1657 length=35
TNNNNNNNGCGATTGTCGCTGNNNNNNNNATTGAG
+SRR098026.188 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1657 length=35
B!!!!!!!@BCBBC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.189 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1951 length=35
ANNNNNNNAAGAATTTCAGGCNNNNNNNNATCTGA
+SRR098026.189 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1951 length=35
C!!!!!!!BCBCBB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.190 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1221 length=35
CNNNNNNNTTTTGCAGTCACTNNNNNNNNCGACAT
+SRR098026.190 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1221 length=35
C!!!!!!!?BBBBA#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.191 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:942 length=35
GNNNNNNNTATAGGGGAAGAGNNNNNNNNTGCCAC
+SRR098026.191 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:942 length=35
A!!!!!!!BBBCBC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.192 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:411 length=35
TNNNNNNNCTGACAATGAGTGNNNNNNNNCTGCGT
+SRR098026.192 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:411 length=35
#!!!!!!!#############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.193 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:632 length=35
CNNNNNNNACTGCAATGGCTGNNNNNNNNGATCGT
+SRR098026.193 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:632 length=35
C!!!!!!!BBBAAC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.194 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:379 length=35
TNNNNNNNGACTGGTTGACTTNNNNNNNNAGCGCT
+SRR098026.194 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:379 length=35
B!!!!!!!BA@BBC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.195 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:813 length=35
CNNNNNNNTCAGCTTAGAGACNNNNNNNNGCGTGG
+SRR098026.195 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:813 length=35
B!!!!!!!BA@B@B#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.196 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1336 length=35
ANNNNNNNTAATAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.196 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1336 length=35
#!!!!!!!#############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.197 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:685 length=35
GNNNNNNNGCAGAAGCGGTGANNNNNNNNAAGGTT
+SRR098026.197 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:685 length=35
#!!!!!!!#############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.198 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:900 length=35
GNNNNNNTCAGAAGTGATGTCNNNNNNNNGTACCA
+SRR098026.198 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:900 length=35
@!!!!!!@@B?BB########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.199 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:363 length=35
CNNNNNNCCGTTCGGTGCTGCNNNNNNNNATGTGC
+SRR098026.199 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:363 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.200 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:715 length=35
ANNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.200 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:715 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.201 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:582 length=35
TNNNNNNGAAATCTGCACTGCNNNNNNNNTTATCG
+SRR098026.201 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:582 length=35
A!!!!!!BBCBBBB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.202 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:669 length=35
TNNNNNNTTTACAGCGGAACANNNNNNNNGTACTG
+SRR098026.202 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:669 length=35
A!!!!!!CCCCCCC#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.203 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1643 length=35
GNNNNNNCGGGATTTTGTCGANNNNNNNNGCCGCC
+SRR098026.203 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1643 length=35
B!!!!!!BB3BBB########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.204 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:275 length=35
ANNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.204 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:275 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.205 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1133 length=35
ANNNNNNGCCGGGACCACAACNNNNNNNNGCGGAT
+SRR098026.205 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1133 length=35
7!!!!!!BBAB5#########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.206 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1871 length=35
ANNNNNNAATGGCTGTGCTGTNNNNNNNNAGGGAT
+SRR098026.206 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1871 length=35
C!!!!!!BBB###########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.207 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:407 length=35
GNNNNNNATATTTACGTTGATNNNNNNNNAGAGAT
+SRR098026.207 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:407 length=35
C!!!!!!BBBBC@A#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.208 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:831 length=35
GNNNNNNGAATGCGGTAACACNNNNNNNNCGGTAC
+SRR098026.208 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:831 length=35
B!!!!!!ABCAAAA#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.209 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1148 length=35
CNNNNNNCAACGTCTCCCCATNNNNNNNNGCCAGC
+SRR098026.209 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1148 length=35
B!!!!!!BBCBB>=#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.210 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:769 length=35
GNNNNNNGCTTATCACGATATNNNNNNNNGTCTTC
+SRR098026.210 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:769 length=35
B!!!!!!@A@ABAB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.211 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1496 length=35
CNNNNNNTGGGCACGGACAGCNNNNNNNNTATGGA
+SRR098026.211 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1496 length=35
B!!!!!!=<=@BB@#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.212 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:766 length=35
TNNNNNNCCATAAACCCGAAANNNNNNNNACCGGG
+SRR098026.212 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:766 length=35
B!!!!!!?BCBCBB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.213 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:459 length=35
ANNNNNNCGTTACATAACGGCNNNNNNNNAAATCT
+SRR098026.213 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:459 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.214 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:239 length=35
GNNNNNNAGCACGAAGTCCGGNNNNNNNNGGGGGG
+SRR098026.214 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:239 length=35
B!!!!!!BAAAB@B#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.215 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1008 length=35
ANNNNNNAATGTTGGAGAAATNNNNNNNNTGAAAC
+SRR098026.215 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1008 length=35
#!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.216 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1804 length=35
GNNNNNNGACTTTAAGGTGGANNNNNNNNATTAAA
+SRR098026.216 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1804 length=35
B!!!!!!@BBBCBB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.217 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1377 length=35
TNNNNNNGTAGGGTTATGTTTNNNNNNNNCGTTCC
+SRR098026.217 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1377 length=35
C!!!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.218 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1433 length=35
ANNNNNNATCGCTTCCTGTGGNNNNNNNNCGTTTT
+SRR098026.218 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1433 length=35
B!!!!!!B@BBBB########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.219 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1516 length=35
ANNNNNNACGCCATTCATGGCNNNNNNNNTGATTT
+SRR098026.219 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1516 length=35
A!!!!!!A?<AAA########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.220 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1523 length=35
CNNNNNNCCGGGTTGGTTAACNNNNNNNNTCCCAG
+SRR098026.220 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1523 length=35
A!!!!!!??=>>9########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.221 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:844 length=35
ANNNNNNCCAGTTGTGCTTTTNNNNNNNNCGTTAA
+SRR098026.221 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:844 length=35
B!!!!!!?BAB?BB#######!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.222 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1651 length=35
CNCNNNNCATTAACTAACTTGNNNNNNNNCGGAAA
+SRR098026.222 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1651 length=35
?!B!!!!?@<@@#########!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.223 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1889 length=35
GNCNNNNATCAACGAAGCATGNNNNNNNNCACCCA
+SRR098026.223 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1889 length=35
#!#!!!!##############!!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.224 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1477 length=35
TNTNNNNCAAGTCAATTAACACNNNNNNNCTAACG
+SRR098026.224 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1477 length=35
B!@!!!!?BAA?ABA#######!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.225 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1416 length=35
CNCNNNGAGAACGCATGTCGCCNNNNNNNACCAGC
+SRR098026.225 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1416 length=35
A!@!!!;?;></:#########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.226 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:256 length=35
CNTNNNCAAGCTAGGCGCGGAGNNNNNNNTCCTCG
+SRR098026.226 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:256 length=35
A!B!!!=@BBAABB########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.227 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1956 length=35
CNGNNNAATGCGATCACCCCATNNNNNNNTGACTC
+SRR098026.227 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1956 length=35
A!<!!!AA>??BBBB#######!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.228 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1469 length=35
GNANNNAGCGCCTGCATCAGCANNNNNNNGGCGGG
+SRR098026.228 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1469 length=35
@!A!!!A=A>A@A#########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.229 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:207 length=35
GNANNNATCGACTCCCGTGGTANNNNNNNTGTTGA
+SRR098026.229 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:207 length=35
B!B!!!B@B@@AB#########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.230 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:524 length=35
ANANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNTAAAAA
+SRR098026.230 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:524 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.231 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1083 length=35
CNGNNTGATATACCAGATACGCNNNNNNNGCGGCG
+SRR098026.231 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1083 length=35
B!?!!ABBBCBCBBCBBBBA=#!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.232 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:868 length=35
CNTNNTATGACGCGTTTTGTCANNNNNNNGCTTCC
+SRR098026.232 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:868 length=35
B!@!!BBB@CBCACBBBA####!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.233 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:488 length=35
TNGNNCGCTTCACACTGACGGANNNNNNNGTTATA
+SRR098026.233 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:488 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.234 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1705 length=35
TNTNNCCCACCGTTGCTCCCACNNNNNNNGTCGCC
+SRR098026.234 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:1705 length=35
B!B!!BB>CBABBA########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.235 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:156 length=35
ANTNNTCGCCTTCATAGTCATANNNNNNNGGTGGC
+SRR098026.235 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:156 length=35
B!B!!9;=*5=A;B########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.236 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:17 length=35
GNTNNCACCGTTGACCGTCTCGNNNNNNNTCAGCG
+SRR098026.236 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:17 length=35
C!B!!BBABBBAA:########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.237 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:281 length=35
ANANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.237 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:1:281 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.238 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1113 length=35
TNGNNGGATGCGGCGTAAACCCNNNNNNNCCCCTA
+SRR098026.238 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1113 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.239 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:420 length=35
CNGNNTCATTCTGTTTCTAATTNNNNNNNAGATGA
+SRR098026.239 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:420 length=35
@!@!!B<AB@9@A=:A>A####!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.240 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:615 length=35
ANANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAATAANNNNNNNAAAAAA
+SRR098026.240 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:615 length=35
#!#!!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.241 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1188 length=35
CNGNNTCAGCATAACGTCGTATNNNNNNNGCGTTT
+SRR098026.241 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1188 length=35
B!A!!??A@ABBCBABBAB?BB!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.242 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:541 length=35
TNGNNGCCAGCGCCGTGTCATTNNNNNNNGGCGTC
+SRR098026.242 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:541 length=35
B!?!!?>@@6@AB>########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.243 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1682 length=35
CNANNCGTCCGACATGGTACGTNNNNNNNTATTAA
+SRR098026.243 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1682 length=35
?!B!!??7>=@@>A########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.244 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:721 length=35
CNGGNTTGTGATGCAAATTTTTNNNNNNNTCACAT
+SRR098026.244 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:721 length=35
B!@@!BAB?BBBBBCCBCBBB@!!!!!!!BBBBBA
@SRR098026.245 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:801 length=35
GNATNACCACTTCCAGTGCTGANNNNNNNGGGATG
+SRR098026.245 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:801 length=35
B!BB!BBBCABBBBBBABB@>A!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.246 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:425 length=35
TNGGNATGCCATGATTCATGACNNNNNNNGGTGCA
+SRR098026.246 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:425 length=35
B!?A!B>?AABABBBBB#####!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.247 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1311 length=35
TNAANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNAAAATA
+SRR098026.247 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1311 length=35
#!##!#################!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.248 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:118 length=35
GNTGNGGTCATCATACGCGCCCNNNNNNNGGCATG
+SRR098026.248 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:118 length=35
B!;?!A=5922:##########!!!!!!!######
@SRR098026.249 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1057 length=35
CNCTNTATGCGTACGGCAGTGANNNNNNNGGAGAT
+SRR098026.249 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:2:1057 length=35
A!@B!BBB@ABAB#########!!!!!!!######
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ less SRR097977.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ less SRR097977.fastq
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ head SRR097977.fastq
@SRR097977.1 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:178 length=36
TATTCTGCCATAATGAAATTCGCCACTTGTTAGTGT
+SRR097977.1 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:178 length=36
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCC>CCCCC7CCCCCCACA?5A5<
@SRR097977.2 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:365:371 length=36
GGTTACTCTTTTAACCTTGATGTTTCGACGCTGTAT
+SRR097977.2 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:365:371 length=36
CC:?:CC:?CCCCC??C?:?C-&:C:,?<&*?+7?<
@SRR097977.3 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:663:569 length=36
TTGTTCGCTTTTGGTAATTAATCCCGGAAATAATAA
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ tail SRR097977.fastq
+SRR097977.247 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:548:111 length=36
CCCCCC?CCCCC.C5.5<C1CCC?<C??&?A?&&?A
@SRR097977.248 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:77 length=36
TTCGACGTTTGGTGGGACTAAGAAAGCATACGGGCG
+SRR097977.248 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:410:77 length=36
CCA?AA?AAA<3A<&:7AA8A::?A*A=>8<*)8<-
@SRR097977.249 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:441:292 length=36
GGGTAGGTATTACTCAGGACGAGGCGGTCGTGCCAC
+SRR097977.249 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:441:292 length=36
C:CCC::CCCCCCCC<8?6A:C28C<608'&&&,'$
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ head -n 3 SRR097977.fastq
@SRR097977.1 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:178 length=36
TATTCTGCCATAATGAAATTCGCCACTTGTTAGTGT
+SRR097977.1 209DTAAXX_Lenski2_1_7:8:3:710:178 length=36
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ head -n 4 SRR098026.fastq
@SRR098026.1 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:968 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.1 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:968 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ head -n 4 SRR098
head: cannot open ‘SRR098’ for reading: No such file or directory
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$ head -n 4 SRR098026.fastq
@SRR098026.1 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:968 length=35
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
+SRR098026.1 HWUSI-EAS1599_1:2:1:0:968 length=35
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[hudson.ka@login-01 untrimmed_fastq]$
